-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 BUDGBrUJJoSs4IEDzL2yhU1htT3EE6ZTmADUYC1uBRHPuvifEBvvs5EwQoBPb9H+
 w3u4hRQAl+x6jZHoL72wCw==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000016590-07-000002.txt : 20070330
<SEC-HEADER>0000016590-07-000002.hdr.sgml : 20070330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070330141611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000016590-07-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10KSB
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAMBEX CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000016590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER STORAGE DEVICES [3572]
		IRS NUMBER:				042442959
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10KSB
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06933
		FILM NUMBER:		07731658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FLANDERS ROAD
		CITY:			WESTBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01581
		BUSINESS PHONE:		508-983-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FLANDERS ROAD
		STREET 2:		.
		CITY:			WESTBOROUGH
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01581

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAMBRIDGE MEMORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19801204
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10KSB
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>doc10ksb.txt
<TEXT>
                    U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                           Washington, D.C.  20549


                                  FORM 10-KSB


(Mark One)

[  X  ]ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

             For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006

OR

[      ]TRANSITION  REPORT  UNDER SECTION  13  OR  15(d)  OF
        THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

             For the transition period       to

             Commission file number 0-6933

                              CAMBEX CORPORATION
             (Name of small business issuer in its charter)


Massachusetts                                    04 244 2959
(State or other                                  (I.R.S. Employer
jurisdiction of                                  Identification No.)
incorporation or
organization)

115 Flanders Road                                01581
Westborough, Massachusetts                       (Zip Code)
(Address of principal
executive offices)

Issuer's telephone number:  508-983-1200

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
Common Stock, $.10 par value

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  _X   No __

Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405
of Regulation S-B contained in this form, and no disclosure will be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-
KSB or any amendment to this Form 10-KSB.   [ X   ]

State issuer's revenues for its most recent fiscal year. $2,345,067

An Exhibit Index setting forth the exhibits filed herewith or incorporated by
reference herein is included herein at Page A-1.

<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes ___       No  _X

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
Cambex Corporation as of March 22, 2007 was $2,625,038 based on the closing
price of the common stock on that date.

The number of shares of Cambex Corporation's preferred stock outstanding as
of March 22, 2007:  84,701.

The number of shares of Cambex Corporation's common stock outstanding as of
March 22, 2007: 23,429,278.


2
<PAGE>


                                    PART I

                              Item 1.  Business.

Overview

A Massachusetts corporation, we are a designer and supplier of data storage
products and solutions. Our products include memory for computing systems and
fibre channel connectivity and storage products used to build storage area
networks (SANs).

We design, manufacture, and market memory products that enhance the
performance and reliability of computing systems and networking devices.  We
have been selling memory products to our customers since 1970.  A processor's
memory is used to hold temporary instructions and data needed to execute
tasks.  This enables the computer's CPU to access instructions and data
quickly.  After upgrading a processor's memory, the computer will process
data faster, because it will need to access its slower secondary storage
(i.e., the disk drive) less frequently.  We provide memory upgrade solutions
for all of the major servers and workstations manufactured by IBM, Sun and
Hewlett-Packard.  Adding additional memory is both application transparent
and the most cost-effective solution for eliminating many system performance
bottlenecks.

We began developing our current fibre channel SAN product business in 1997.
SANs enhance and simplify the centralized management and sharing of data
storage resources while providing improved availability, scalability,
performance, and disaster recovery. SANs have been enabled by the emergence
of fibre channel, a new generation of server to storage communications
technology. We develop and offer fibre channel host bus adapters and hubs,
high availability software, fibre channel disk storage arrays and management
software for the deployment of SAN solutions.  By reselling fibre channel
hardware and software products from leading manufacturers, together with our
internally developed products, we are able to offer customers a complete
interoperable SAN solution.

Founded in 1968, we have more than 35 years experience in providing
electronic data storage products and solutions.  For more than 30 years we
were a supplier of IBM compatible mainframe computer memory having supplied
memory and related products for seven generations of IBM mainframe computers.
In 1997, in order to diversify our revenue stream as the mainframe memory
market collapsed in the mid-1990s, we entered the fibre channel connectivity
and disk array business.

We sell our products domestically and internationally directly to end users
and through OEM, systems integrator, and value added reseller (VAR) channels.
We sell our memory products directly to end users and through VARs.  Our SAN
products are sold through OEM, systems integrator and VAR channels and to a
limited extent directly to end users.

Our executive offices are located at 115 Flanders Road, Westborough,
Massachusetts 01581.  Our telephone number is (508) 983-1200.  Our Web site
is located at http://www.cambex.com.

3
<PAGE>

                             Industry Background

In today's information-based economy, a company's information and
databases are central to the value of the enterprise. The volume of business-
critical data generated, processed, and stored has grown dramatically over
the last decade.  As a result, the ability to quickly access and manage large
amounts of stored data is one of the most important challenges for
organizations.

Memory

A computer typically accesses stored data from its own internal memory,
internal hard disk drive, or external storage device such as a disk storage
array or tape library.  Memory provides the best performance, but is also the
most expensive per storage unit (megabyte).  Data retrieval from memory is
more than 1000 times faster than retrieval from a disk drive.  As CPU
processing power is doubling every 18 months, data retrieval from disk
storage is increasingly becoming a performance bottleneck.  As a result,
applications and users spend much of their time waiting for the retrieval of
data resulting in lowered productivity.  Recognizing the performance
limitations of disk-based storage, the major server vendors have
rearchitected their systems and processors to allow more data to be stored
and accessed directly from memory. High-end servers from the major vendors
(IBM, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard) now support more than 512 gigabytes
of internal main memory.  The need for fast data access, new servers with
large memory capacities, and the decrease in memory prices is driving demand
for memory upgrades.

Memory upgrades for high volume computing systems and devices are typically
packaged as memory modules which conform to standards defining dimensions,
capacity, performance, interface and pin-out. We offer a broad range of
standard memory upgrades, including single in-line memory modules ("SIMMs"),
dual in-line memory modules ("DIMMs") and small outline DIMMs ("SO DIMMs").
Memory modules are compact circuit board assemblies consisting of dynamic
random access memory ("DRAM") chips, which constitute the main memory of a
computer system.

Unlike memory for high volume computing systems, memory upgrades for high-end
servers and mainframes typically involve proprietary designs.  At the high-
end, vendors focus on maximizing the performance, reliability, and diagnostic
capabilities of the unique processor-to-memory architecture of their flagship
products.  This often results in proprietary memory module designs
incorporating custom logic to support very high-speed memory bus protocols,
error detection and correction, and self-test capabilities.

Memory upgrades for computing systems and networking devices are available
from the original equipment manufacturer as well as from third party memory
vendors. In addition to competing with each other, third party vendors
primarily compete with the original equipment manufacturers by providing
fully compatible memory at a much lower price.

Storage Area Networks

Large quantities of business critical data are typically stored on external
disk storage arrays. These disk arrays are either directly attached to the
computer server or are accessed through a network connection. Due to the
significant volume of data being stored in today's business environment,
traditional direct attached and network attached architectures often do not
adequately support the requirements of data-intensive enterprises. In
response to the demand for high-speed and high-reliability storage-to-server
connectivity, the fibre channel interconnect protocol was developed in the
early 1990s.

4
<PAGE>

A storage area network is a network of servers and data storage devices
interconnected via fibre channel at gigabit speeds. SANs provide an open,
extensible platform for storage access in data intensive environments like
those used for web hosting, online transaction processing and data
warehousing. Equally important, SANs can be significantly less expensive to
maintain and expand than traditional storage architectures because they
enable shared, high-speed access to stored data as well as centralized
management.

SANs use several basic components to make up the network, including the
following:

	servers and workstations;
	fibre channel host bus adapters;
	fibre channel hubs and/or switches;
	disk and/or tape storage devices;
	copper or fiber optic cables; and
	management software.

All the components must work together to deliver a functional SAN
environment.

Each server connects to a SAN through host bus adapters, which are printed
circuit cards that fit in standard sockets on computer motherboards and
enable high-speed data transfer. A host bus adapter connects the server to
other devices in a SAN via cables. The cables connect the host bus adapter
either directly to a fibre channel disk array or tape library or to a hub or
a switch. Because fibre channel host bus adapter functions are regulated by
software, each host bus adapter must include software designed to work with
the particular operating system being used by the server/storage solution.
These systems typically include all types of UNIX as well as Linux and
Windows based operating systems.

Hubs and switches are devices that direct the flow of data from one computing
device to another. When connecting multiple servers to one or more storage
devices, a hub or switch is used to create a fibre channel network. Hubs and
switches simplify cabling and allow the non-disruptive addition or removal of
servers or storage devices from the storage area network.

                               Our Products

Memory Products

We offer a wide range of memory for the add-in memory market. Our add-in
memory is used to upgrade workstations, servers, mainframes, printers,
routers, and other high volume computing and networking products. Our memory
is packaged as memory modules which conform to standards defining dimensions,
capacity, performance, interface and pin-out.  We offer a broad range of
standard memory upgrades, including single in-line memory modules ("SIMMs"),
dual in-line memory modules ("DIMMs") and small outline DIMMs ("SO DIMMs").
Memory modules are compact circuit board assemblies consisting of dynamic
random access memory ("DRAM") chips, which constitute the main memory of a
computer system.

We provide memory upgrade solutions for most of the major servers and
workstations manufactured by IBM, Sun and Hewlett-Packard.  We also sell
memory upgrades for laser printers and Cisco routers.  Our memory products
are designed to the same exacting specifications as original system memory
and in most cases are identical in fit, form and function.

5
<PAGE>

Fibre Channel SAN Products

We are a developer, manufacturer and reseller of fibre channel products that
enable users to deploy SANs. We have developed a family of host bus adapters,
hubs and software that provide increased bandwidth and availability when
deploying mission-critical SANs. Our fibre channel disk arrays allow the
storage of large amounts of online data in a high performance, high
availability environment. By offering other SAN products, including disk
arrays, tape drives and libraries, switches, routers, and software, from
other leading manufacturers, we are able to deliver a complete, tested and
interoperable SAN solution to our customers when required.

Technology

We possess multi-disciplinary technological expertise, which we utilize in
designing our memory and SAN products.

Our expertise in designing memories includes (1) high-availability memory
architecture and design including chip and board level sparing; (2) ASIC
design utilizing high-speed semiconductor technologies and high-density
packaging; and (3) comprehensive manufacturing test procedures -
incorporating functional, thermal, voltage, and mechanical stress.

Our expertise in developing fibre channel SAN products includes software
design and development, embedded hardware design, system design, and systems
integration. We believe that our expertise in these technologies provides us
with competitive advantages in time-to-market, price/performance,
interoperability and product capabilities.

At our principal offices in Westborough, Massachusetts, we have established
a systems integration lab to provide comprehensive functional and system
level integration/interoperability testing between our fibre channel host bus
adapters, hubs, disk arrays, and software with various computer platforms and
fibre channel systems. Integration testing at our lab combines our products
with various fibre channel SAN components to simulate the most commonly used
functional configurations defined by our customers.  The overall goal
is to ensure enterprise class performance and interoperability in real world
SAN deployments.

                                  Customers

We sell our products to OEMs, resellers and directly to end-users. In 2005
and 2006, our largest customers included QLogic, Hewlett-Packard and Sun
Microsystems.

In the year ended December 31, 2006, our top five customers accounted for
approximately 88% of our total net revenues, and, in the year ended December
31, 2005, our top five customers accounted for approximately 62% of our total
net revenues. During 2006 and 2005, two customers exceeded 10% of total
revenues. There is no assurance that current customers will remain our
customers in the future and the loss of a major customer could have a
material effect on our business.

                           Customer Service and Support

We offer customer service and support programs that include telephone
and on-site support 24 hours a day, seven days a week. In addition, we have
designed our products to allow easy diagnostics and administration. We employ
systems engineers for pre- and post-sales support and technical support
engineers for field support.

6
<PAGE>

                              Sales and Marketing

We sell our memory products principally to Fortune 1000 corporations, mid-
level businesses, government institutions and resellers. Our sales strategy
is to employ a business-to-business sales model that provides factory direct
orders to end users and resellers. We will continue to focus significant
direct sales efforts on Fortune 1000 enterprises. This sets us apart from
most of our major competitors in the memory upgrade business who sell through
reseller channels. Our goal is to establish ourselves as the vendor of choice
for filling the majority of the memory upgrade needs within large
corporations. Our marketing strategy consists primarily of telemarketing.

We sell our fibre channel SAN products domestically and internationally to
OEMs, systems integrators, and VARs as well as directly to end users in the
United States. We target OEMs, systems integrators, and VARs who resell
complete SAN solutions to end-users. Our sales and marketing strategy will
continue to focus on the development of these indirect channel relationships.

Our marketing efforts are focused on increasing awareness of our fibre
channel products, promoting SAN-based solutions, and advocating industry-wide
standards and interoperability. We plan to participate in industry
associations to promote and further enhance fibre channel technology and
increase our visibility as industry experts. We also plan to participate in
select trade show events and SAN conferences to promote our products and to
continue our efforts to educate potential customers on the value of SANs.

                       Manufacturing, Test and Assembly

We outsource the majority of our manufacturing, and we conduct quality
assurance, manufacturing, engineering, documentation control and certain
finish assembly and test operations at our headquarter facility in
Westborough, Massachusetts. This approach enables us to reduce fixed costs
and to provide flexibility in meeting market demands.

We select suppliers primarily on the basis of technology, manufacturing
capacity, quality and cost. Our reliance on third-party suppliers and
manufacturers involves risks, including possible limitations on availability
of products due to market abnormalities, unavailability of, or delays in
obtaining access to, certain product technologies and the absence of complete
control over delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and total production
costs. The inability of our suppliers and third party manufacturers to
deliver products of acceptable quality and in a timely manner or our
inability to procure adequate supplies of our products could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results.

                             Research and Development

Our success will depend to a substantial degree upon our ability to
develop and introduce in a timely fashion new products and enhancements to
our existing products that meet changing customer requirements and emerging
industry standards. We have made, and plan to continue to make, expenditures
for research and development and to participate in the development of
industry standards. However, because our net revenues declined in four of the
five most recently completed fiscal years, our expenditures for research and
development are significantly lower than the amount we expended for research
and development five years ago. Over the last two fiscal years, our
research and development expenses were approximately $871,000 in 2006,
compared to $865,000 in 2005. Research and development expenses primarily
consist of salaries and related costs of employees engaged in ongoing
research, design and development activities and subcontracting costs.

7
<PAGE>

                                   Competition

The markets in which we compete are intensely competitive and are
characterized by frequent new product introductions, changing customer
preferences and evolving technology and industry standards. Our competitors
continue to introduce products with improved price/performance
characteristics, and we will have to do the same to remain competitive.
Increased competition could result in significant price competition, reduced
revenues, lower profit margins or loss of market share, any of which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and
financial condition.

Our principal competitors in the memory upgrade business are the computer
system original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and third party memory
vendors. The major system OEMs we compete against are International Business
Machines Corporation, Sun Microsystems, Hewlett-Packard, and Dell.  The major
third party memory vendors we compete against are Kingston Technology and
Dataram.

Our principal competitors in the fibre channel SAN market include Emulex
Corporation, QLogic Corporation and International Business Machines
Corporation.

Some of our OEM and reseller customers could develop products internally that
would replace our products. The loss of opportunities to sell our products to
any such OEM and reseller customers, in addition to the increased competition
presented by these customers, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition.

                               Intellectual Property

The intellectual property rights we have in our technology, which generally
consists of programmable hardware logic, software and know-how associated
with our product portfolio, principally arise from our own internal
development efforts. We attempt to protect our technology through a
combination of unpatented trade secrets, trademarks and contractual
obligations. Our software products are protected by copyright laws. We cannot
assure that our intellectual property protection measures will be sufficient
to prevent misappropriation of our technology or that our competitors will
not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or
superior to our technology. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries
do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the
laws of the United States. Our failure to protect our proprietary information
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
operating results.

We may need to initiate litigation in the future to enforce our intellectual
property rights, to protect trade secrets or to determine the validity and
scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in
substantial costs and diversion of our resources and could materially harm
our business. In the future, we may receive notice of infringement claims of
other parties' proprietary rights. Infringement or other claims could be
asserted or prosecuted against us in the future, and it is possible that such
assertions or prosecutions could harm our business. Any such claims, with or
without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and
diversion of technical and management personnel, cause delays in the
development and release of our products, or require us to develop non-
infringing technology or enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. Such
royalty or licensing arrangements, if required, may not be available on terms
acceptable to us, or at all. For these reasons, infringement claims could
materially harm our business.

8
<PAGE>
                                     Employees

At March 22, 2007, we had 14 employees. None of our employees are represented
by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our
relations with our employees to be good.



                        Item 2.  Description of Property.

We currently lease approximately 15,000 square feet in an office facility in
Westborough, Massachusetts pursuant to a lease that expires on June 30, 2009.


                          Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

There are no material legal proceedings pending against us. We are involved
in certain legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We
believe that the outcome of these proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition.


          Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

None.

9
<PAGE>

                                   PART II


     Item 5.  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters.



Our common stock is listed for quotation on the over the counter bulletin
board, under the symbol "CBEX".  The approximate number of shareholders of
record at March 22, 2007 was 489. The following table sets forth the range of
the high and low closing bid prices for our common stock for each quarter
during the years ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005:



                                      2006                     2005

                               High        Low          High        Low

       First Quarter           0.14        0.09         0.39        0.09
       Second Quarter          0.20        0.10         0.28        0.12
       Third Quarter           0.25        0.15         0.18        0.10
       Fourth Quarter          0.21        0.14         0.18        0.09




We have not paid any cash dividends to date, and have no intention of paying
any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. The
declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of the
board of directors and to certain limitations imposed by the Massachusetts
Corporation Laws. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will
depend, among other things, on our results of operations, financial
condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board
of directors.

The series 1 bridge note purchase agreement provides that we may not pay cash
dividends as long as the series 1 bridge note remains outstanding.  With the
consent of the holder of the series 1 bridge note and as long as we are not
in default, we may pay dividends to preferred shareholders in accordance with
our articles of organization and we may repurchase shares of our common stock
issued upon the exercise of options granted under our stock option plans.

Set forth in chronological order is information regarding securities
convertible into or exercisable for shares of our common stock issued by
Cambex within the past three years:

     None.

We had no repurchases of equity securities in the fourth quarter of 2006.

10
<PAGE>

     Item 6.  Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation.


The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and
results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this
Form 10-KSB.  Please refer to "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements" for additional information.


Comparison of fiscal years 2006 and 2005

Our revenues were $2,345,000 and $2,272,000 for 2006 and 2005, respectively.
Revenues for 2006 increased 3% compared to revenues for the prior year due to
increased sales of our fibre channel connectivity products. The increase was
due to a large sale of our fibre channel connectivity software to a customer.
The revenues for 2005 include $240,000 of revenue which had been deferred
until the obligations for trade-in memory were satisfied in this period.

Gross profit rate was 85% of revenues in 2006, compared to 80% of revenues in
2005. The increase was due to the product mix as there are higher gross
margins on our fibre channel connectivity products and software than our
memory products.

Operating expenses in 2006 decreased by 1% in comparison to operating
expenses in the prior year.  Research and development expenses for 2006
increased 1% compared to the amount of these expenses in the prior year due
to increases in personnel and additional product development costs. Selling
expenses for 2006 decreased by 13% compared to the amount of these expenses
in 2005 primarily due to decreases in personnel and related expenses.

Other income (expense) in 2006 consists of other income of $666,000 relating
to the reversal of accrued expenses and $65,000 of interest expense. Other
income (expense) in 2005 consists of other income of $219,000 relating to the
reversal of accrued expenses and $118,000 of interest expense.

Net income for 2006 was $907,000 or $0.04 per share, as compared with net
income of $230,000, or $0.01 per share, for 2005.


Critical Accounting Policies

Revenue Recognition

We manufacture equipment for sale or lease.  We follow the guidance in Staff
Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") 104 in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in consolidated financial statements. We
include items in revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered, our price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and
collectibility is reasonably assured.

Stock-Based Compensation

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment."
SFAS 123(R) replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25 (APB 25), "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."  SFAS
123(R) is effective as of the beginning of the first interim or annual
reporting period that begins after December 15, 2005.  SFAS 123(R) requires

11
<PAGE>

that the costs resulting from all share-based payment transactions be
recognized in the financial statements.  SFAS 123(R) applies to all awards
granted after the required effective date and shall not apply to awards
granted in periods before the required effective date, except if prior awards
are modified, repurchased, or cancelled after the effective date.  With the
adoption of SFAS 123(R), the Company elected to amortize stock-based
compensation for awards granted on or after the adoption of SFAS 123(R) on
January 1, 2006, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service
(vesting) period for the entire award.

As permitted under SFAS 123, amended by SFAS 123(R), the Company elected to
follow APB 25, and related interpretations in accounting for stock based
awards to employees through December 31, 2005. Accordingly, compensation cost
for stock options and nonvested stock grants was measured as the excess, if
any, of the market price of the Company's stock at the date of grant over the
amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
SFAS No. 153, "Exchange of Nonmonetary Assets", which is an amendment to APB
Opinion No. 29. The guidance in APB Opinion No. 29, "Accounting for
Nonmonetary Transactions", is based on the principle that exchanges of
nonmonetary assets should be measured based on the fair value of the assets
exchanged. The guidance in that opinion, however, included certain exceptions
to that principle. This statement amends APB Opinion No. 29 to eliminate the
exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces
it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not
have commercial substance. A nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if
the future cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a
result of the exchange. The adoption of SFAS No. 153 is not expected to have
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, "Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections." SFAS 154 is an amendment of APB Opinion 20 and FASB Statement
No. 3.  This statement changes the requirements for the accounting for and
reporting of a change in accounting principal.  This Statement applies to all
voluntary changes in accounting principal and to changes required by an
accounting pronouncement in unusual instances that the pronouncement does not
include specific transition provisions. The Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 154 to have an impact on its financial position or operating
results.

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155, "Accounting for Certain
Hybrid Financial Instruments."  SFAS 155 is an amendment to SFAS 133 and 140.
SFAS 155 improves financial reporting by eliminating the exception from
applying SFAS 133 to interest in securitized financial assets so that similar
instruments are accounted for similarly regardless of the form of the
instruments.  SFAS 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or
issued after the beginning of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after
September 15, 2006.  The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS 155 to
have an impact on its financial position or results of operations.


In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 156, "Accounting for Servicing of
Financial Assets - an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140." SFAS 156 is an
amendment to SFAS 140. SFAS 156 requires an entity to recognize a servicing
asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to service
a financial asset by entering into a servicing contract; requires all
separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities to be
initially measured at fair value, if practicable; permits an entity to choose

12
<PAGE>

its subsequent measurement methods for each class of separately recognized
servicing assets and servicing liabilities; at its initial adoption, permits
a one-time reclassification of available-for-sale securities by entities with
recognized servicing rights, without calling into question the treatment of
other available-for-sale securities under Statement 115, provided that the
available-for-sale securities are identified in some manner as offsetting the
entity's exposure to changes in fair value of servicing assets or servicing
liabilities that a servicer elects to subsequently measure at fair value; and
requires separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities
subsequently measured at fair value in the statement of financial position
and additional disclosures for all separately recognized servicing assets and
servicing liabilities. SFAS 156 is effective for all servicing assets and
servicing liabilities transactions after the beginning of an entity's first
fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006.  The Company does not
expect the adoption of SFAS 156 to have an impact on its financial position
or results of operations.

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes." This Interpretation clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial
statements in accordance with SFAS 109. This Interpretation prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure, and transition. This Interpretation is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company does not expect the adoption
of Interpretation No. 48 to have an impact on its financial position or
results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements."
SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value
in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements. SFAS 157 applies under other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. Accordingly,
SFAS 157 does not require any new fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company
does not expect the adoption of SFAS 157 to have an impact on its financial
position or results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)." SFAS improves financial reporting by
requiring an employer to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a
defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement
of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the
year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. SFAS 158 also
improves financial reporting by requiring an employer to measure the funded
status of a plan as of the date of its year-end statement of financial
position. SFAS 158 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2006. The adoption of SFAS 158 did not have an impact on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - Including an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 115." SFAS 159 permits entities to choose to measure many
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The objective is
to improve financial reporting by providing entities with the opportunity to
mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring related assets
and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting
provisions. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November

13
<PAGE>

15, 2007. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS 159 to have an
impact on its financial position or results of operations.


Inflation

We did not experience any material adverse effects in 2005 or 2006 due to
general inflation.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

During 2006, net cash provided by operating activities was $676,307. Net cash
used in financing activities was $777,219, relating primarily to repayments
under the loan agreement.

We have a loan and security agreement with B.A. Associates, Inc. which is a
corporation owned by Bruce D. Rozelle, a son-in-law of Joseph F. Kruy, our
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer under which we may borrow up
to $1,100,000. The outstanding balance due to B.A. Associates, Inc. was
$225,000 at December 31, 2006.  We also have notes payable of $429,643 at
December 31, 2006 which include $275,000 of advances payable which are due on
demand. The $275,000 of advances payable consists of borrowings from related
parties. The notes payable balance of $154,643 includes $150,000 of the
series 1 bridge financing note and $4,643 of accounts payable converted to
notes payable.

Our cash was $226,000 and $327,000 at December 31, 2006 and December 31,
2005, respectively. Working capital was a deficit of $2,757,000 and
$3,666,000 at December 31, 2006 and at December 31, 2005, respectively.
During fiscal 2007, we expect to acquire less than $100,000 of capital
equipment.

Our profitability and liquidity depends upon being able to maintain adequate
revenue and gross profit levels. Management has also been working to secure
additional capital. There is no assurance that such capital will be raised.


Forward-Looking Statements

The statements contained in "Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" and elsewhere throughout this Annual
Report on Form 10-KSB that are not historical facts are "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-
looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect management's
analysis, judgment, belief or expectation only as of the date hereof. We
undertake no obligation to publicly revise these forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date hereof or to
publicly release the results of any revisions to such forward-looking
statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date
hereof. In addition to the disclosure contained herein, readers should
carefully review any disclosure of risks and uncertainties contained in other
documents we file or have filed from time to time with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


            Item 7.  Financial Statements.

See financial statements, beginning at page F-2, incorporated herein by
reference.

14
<PAGE>

            Item 8.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                     Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.


            Item 8A. Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time period specified in the
SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports filed under the Exchange Act is
accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. As of the end of the period covered
by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, Joseph F. Kruy, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-
15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act and concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are effective so as to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required.
There were no significant changes in our internal control over financial
reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect our internal
controls over financial reporting subsequent to the date of our most recent
evaluation.


            Item 8B. Other Information.

None.

15
<PAGE>

                                   PART III


       Item 9. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters, Control Persons
               and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the
               Exchange Act.

The following table shows the name, age and position of each of our
executive officers and directors.

Name                             Age    Position

Joseph F. Kruy (1)               75     President, Chief Executive Officer,
                                        Treasurer and Chairman of the Board
                                        and a Director
C.V. Ramamoorthy, Ph.D. (1)(2)   80     Director
Robert J. Spain, Ph.D. (1)(2)    69     Director
Lois P. Lehberger                50     Clerk, Vice President and Controller
___________________
(1)	Member of the Compensation Committee.
(2)	Member of the Audit Committee.



Joseph F. Kruy has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a
member of our board of directors since our inception in 1968.  Mr. Kruy has
served as our Chairman of the Board since October 1975.  Mr. Kruy holds a
B.S. and a Diploma Engineering degree in electrical engineering from the
Technical University of Budapest.

C.V. Ramamoorthy, Ph.D. has been a member of our board of directors since our
inception in 1968.  Since prior to 1995, Dr. Ramamoorthy has been a Professor
of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences at the University of
California Berkeley.  Dr. Ramamoorthy holds a B.S. in physics from the
University of Madras, India, a M.S. in mechanical engineering from the
University of California Berkeley and a M.S. and a Ph.D. from Harvard
University.

Robert J. Spain, Ph.D. has been a member of our board of directors since
1995.  Dr. Spain was also our Vice President of Research from 1969 to 1977.
Since prior to 1995, Dr. Spain has been the President of CFC, Inc., an
electronic component manufacturing company.  Dr. Spain holds a B.S.E.E. and a
M.S.E.E. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Doctor of
Science from Paris, Sorbonne.

Lois P. Lehberger joined Cambex in June 1978 and has served as our controller
since August 1998, and our Vice President since November 1999.  Mrs.
Lehberger was appointed clerk in May 2001. Mrs. Lehberger is responsible for
our accounting and financial control functions.  Mrs. Lehberger holds a B.A.
in economics and accounting from the College of the Holy Cross.



Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, requires the Company's officers and directors, and
persons who own more than ten percent of

16
<PAGE>

a registered class of the Company's equity securities, to file reports of
ownership and changes in ownership of common stock (Forms 3, 4 and 5) with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Officers, directors and greater-than-
ten-percent holders are required to furnish the Company with copies of all
such forms, which they have filed.

	Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and Forms 4 furnished to the
Company during the most recent fiscal year, and Forms 5 with respect to its
most recent fiscal year, we believe that all such forms required to be filed
pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely filed, as
necessary, by the officers, directors and security holders required to file
the same during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006.



                      Item 10.  Executive Compensation.

The following table provides certain summary information concerning
compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer
and each of our other executive officers for services rendered to Cambex in
all capacities during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and December
31, 2005.

Summary Compensation Table
                                      Annual                 Long Term
                                   Compensation(1)       Compensation Awards
Name and Position            Year  Salary      Bonus         Options(#)

Joseph F. Kruy               2006  $200,000(2) $39,031          -
Chairman, President and CEO  2005  $200,000(2) $ 9,902          -

Lois P. Lehberger            2006  $ 80,000    $ 9,758          -
Vice President,              2005  $ 80,000      2,475          -
Controller and Clerk

(1)The columns for "Other Annual Compensation" and "All Other
   Compensation" have been omitted because there is no such compensation
   required to be reported.

(2)Includes $100,000 for which payment has been deferred in 2006 and 2005.


Stock Options

The following table contains information concerning the grant of stock
options under our Year 2000 Equity Incentive Plan to the executive officers
named in the Summary Compensation Table. Each of the option grants listed
below vests in five equal installments on the first through the fifth
anniversaries of the date of grant.

17
<PAGE>

Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year

Individual Grants


                  Number of     % of Total
                  Securities      Options
                  Underlying    Granted to     Exercise
                   Options     Employees in      Price    Expiration
Name                 (#)        Fiscal Year    ($/Share)     Date

Joseph F. Kruy         -             -             -           -

Lois P. Lehberger      -             -             -           -


Aggregate Option Exercises in Last Fiscal Year and Fiscal Year End Option
Value
                                                                 Value of
                                                                Unexercised
                                            Number of           In-the-money
                                            Options at           Options at
                                         December 31,2006 December 31,2006(1)
               Shares Acquired    Value     Exercisable/         Exercisable/
Name           on Exercise(#)    Realized  Unexercisable       Unexercisable

Joseph F. Kruy         -            -          -/-                  -/-

Lois P. Lehberger      -            -    140,000/10,000             -/-

(1) The closing price of our Common Stock on December 31, 2006 was
    $0.16 per share.  The numbers shown reflect the value of options
    accumulated over all years of employment.


Employment Contracts and Termination Agreements

We entered into an employment agreement with Joseph F. Kruy on November
18, 1994.  An extension of the term of this employment agreement to December
31, 2009 was approved by our board of directors in March 2007. Under his
employment agreement, Mr. Kruy is engaged to serve as our Chairman of the
Board, President and Chief Executive Officer.  Except for illness, reasonable
vacations and other customary exceptions, during the term of the agreement,
Mr. Kruy is to devote all of his working time and attention to the
performance of his duties and responsibilities at Cambex.  Mr. Kruy is to be
paid a minimum annual base salary of $200,000 per year.  Mr. Kruy is also
entitled to participate in our Incentive Bonus Plan and is eligible to
receive an annual bonus up to 4% of our pre-tax profit, as that term is
defined in the Incentive Bonus Plan.  If Mr. Kruy voluntarily terminates his
employment with us, he is entitled to receive his base annual compensation
through the date of termination and any amount that he may be entitled to
receive under the Incentive Bonus Plan in accordance with the terms of that
Plan.  If, after Mr. Kruy voluntarily terminates his employment with us, he
accepts employment during the remaining then current term of his agreement
with an entity that directly competes with us, then we may cease paying Mr.
Kruy any further amounts.  If we terminate Mr. Kruy's employment for reasons
other than for cause or if we give another person either the title or the
powers of the Chief Executive Officer, then Mr. Kruy is entitled to continue
to receive his annual base salary through the end of the then current term of
the agreement, and is entitled to receive any incentive bonus that would have

18
<PAGE>

been earned under the Incentive Bonus Plan during the fiscal year in which
his employment was terminated.  If, following termination of Mr. Kruy's
employment with us, he accepts employment elsewhere before December 31, 2009,
then we do not have to continue to pay Mr. Kruy for the year ending December
31, 2009.  Moreover, if on the date of termination of Mr. Kruy's employment
with us, our assets are in the hands of a receiver, an assignee for the
benefit of creditors, trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession or other
entity for the benefit of creditors or if our consolidated net worth is less
than our consolidated net worth at December 31, 1999, then we have no
obligation to pay Mr. Kruy any amount after termination of his employment.

We compensate our non-employee directors with an annual fee of $10,000 and a
fee of $1,000 for each meeting of the board of directors attended. In March
2005, the board of directors authorized the non-employee director
compensation to be converted from cash to shares of our common stock at a
price of $0.15 per share. In 2005, 1,118,333 shares were issued to the non-
employee directors as compensation for past services as a member of the board
of directors.


  Item 11.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
            and Related Stockholder Matters.

The following table presents information regarding the beneficial ownership
of Cambex's common stock as of March 22, 2007, by:

      each person, or group of persons, known to us to be the beneficial
      owner of more than five percent of our outstanding shares of common
      stock;
      each of our directors;
      each of our executive officers; and
      all current directors and officers of Cambex as a group.

Unless otherwise noted in the table, the address for each person listed in
the table is c/o Cambex Corporation, 115 Flanders Road, Westborough, MA
01581.

Name and Address         (#)Shares of Common
of Beneficial Owner    Stock Beneficially Owned(1)    Percent of Class(2)

Joseph F. Kruy (3)              5,522,739          		 23.2%

Estate of Richard E. Calvert(4) 2,314,586           		  9.7
 c/o Huntington National Bank
 1227 East Front Street
 Traverse City, MI 49685

Peter J. Kruy (5)               1,597,164            		  6.6

H. Terry Snowday, Jr.(6)        1,575,302           		  6.7
 7784 East Shore Road
 Traverse City, MI 49686

Bruce D. Rozelle(7)             1,300,000            		  5.3
 9 Webster Circle
 Sudbury, MA 01776

C.V. Ramamoorthy (8)              616,656            		  2.6

Robert J. Spain (9)               251,083            		  1.1

Lois P. Lehberger (10)            140,000            		   *

19
<PAGE>

All directors and executive
officers as a group
(4 persons) (11)                6,530,478           		 27.2

_______________
*		Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.

(1) Beneficial ownership for purposes of the table is determined in
accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose.  In
computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the
percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock issuable upon the
exercise of options and warrants held by that person that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007 (May 21,
2007) are deemed to be outstanding. These shares, however, are not considered
outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person.  Except as indicated in the footnotes, we believe that the persons
and entities named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power
with respect to all shares beneficially owned by them, subject to community
property laws where applicable.

(2) Percentage of ownership is based on 23,429,278 shares of common stock
outstanding as of March 22, 2007.

(3) Includes 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock
purchase warrants exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007 (or by
May 21, 2007).  Includes 270,200 shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of Series A Preferred stock issued in 2002. This number also
includes 56,250 shares held by the Kruy Family Trust, for which Mr. Kruy's
wife and children are the beneficial owners.  Mr. Kruy disclaims beneficial
ownership of these shares.  Of these shares of common stock, 979,239 are
subject to the terms of a stock pledge agreement dated as of January 18, 2000
(the "Kruy Pledge Agreement"), among Joseph F. Kruy, Cambex and SovCap Equity
Partners, Ltd., Arab Commerce Bank Ltd., and Correllus International Ltd.
Provided that Cambex is not in default under the series 1 bridge note
purchase agreement dated as of January 18, 2000 (the "Bridge Note Purchase
Agreement"), among Cambex and SovCap Equity Partners, Ltd., Arab Commerce
Bank Ltd., and Correllus International Ltd., the series 1 bridge financing
notes issued pursuant to the Bridge Note Purchase Agreement, or the Kruy
Pledge Agreement, Mr. Kruy has the right to vote the pledged shares.

(4) Includes 469,200 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of
Series A Preferred stock issued in 2002.

(5) Includes 960,164 shares owned by CyberFin Corporation, a corporation
wholly owned by Peter J. Kruy, 135,000 shares subject to currently
exercisable options, and 500,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock
purchase warrants exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007 (or by
May 21, 2007). Of these shares of common stock, 730,228 are subject to
the terms of a stock pledge agreement dated as of January 18, 2000 (the
"CyberFin Pledge Agreement"), among CyberFin, Cambex, and SovCap Equity
Partners, Ltd., Arab Commerce Bank Ltd., and Correllus International Ltd.
Provided that Cambex is not in default under the Bridge Note Purchase
Agreement, the series 1 bridge financing notes, or the CyberFin
Pledge Agreement, CyberFin has the right to vote the pledged shares.

(6) Includes 107,610 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of
Series A Preferred stock issued in 2002.

20
<PAGE>

(7) Consists of 1,300,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock purchase
warrants exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007 (or by May 21,
2007) held by B.A. Associates. Bruce Rozelle, a son-in-law of Joseph F. Kruy,
has both voting and investment control over B.A. Associates. Mr. Rozelle
disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares.

(8) Includes 67,500 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
stock purchase warrants exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007
(or by May 21, 2007).

(9) Includes 32,750 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
stock purchase warrants exercisable within 60 days following March 22, 2007
(or by May 21, 2007).

(10) Consists of 140,000 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days
following March 22, 2007 (or by May 21, 2007).

(11) Includes 601,450 shares subject to options and warrants exercisable
within 60 days following March 22, 2007 (or by May 21, 2007) and stock
issuable upon conversion of Series A Preferred stock. See footnotes
(3)through (10) above.

Solely for the purpose of calculating the aggregate market value of voting
stock held by non-affiliates of the Company as set forth on the Cover Page,
it was assumed that only directors and executive officers on the calculation
date together with spouses and dependent children of such persons constituted
affiliates.


          Item 12.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
                    Director Independence.

On November 9, 1998, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with
B.A. Associates, Inc. (BAA), which is a corporation owned by Bruce Rozelle, a
son-in-law of Joseph F. Kruy, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer.  This Loan and Security Agreement, as amended by a First Amendment
to Loan and Security Agreement dated March 15, 1999, and further amended
through December 27, 2001 (as so amended, the "BAA Loan Agreement"), allows
us to borrow up to $1,100,000, which is the maximum that may be outstanding
at any one time. Under the BAA Loan Agreement, we granted BAA a first
priority security interest in all of our accounts, instruments, documents,
general intangibles, equipment, inventory, and proceeds of any of the
foregoing.  We are obligated to pay all amounts that we receive from
collections of our accounts receivable to BAA not less frequently than each
week until the outstanding loan amount plus interest, which accrues at a 12%
annual rate, is fully paid.  Under the terms of the BAA Loan Agreement,
originally BAA received a warrant for the purchase of 1.3 million shares of
common stock, at an exercise price of $0.22 per share.  In consideration for
increasing the amount of available funds, the Company agreed to issue an
additional warrant to BAA for the purchase of 400,000 shares of our common
stock, at an exercise price of $1.25 per share.  We believe that the
borrowing arrangements we made with BAA were on terms at least as favorable
to us as we would have expected from lenders unrelated to us and relatives of
Mr. Kruy.

In June through August 2003, we borrowed $200,000 from Joseph F. Kruy.  We
also entered into Loan and Security Agreements with Mr. Kruy. Our payment
obligations under these Loan and Security Agreements (the "2003 Loan
Agreements") are evidenced by 12% Notes due in June through August 2004.
Under the 2003 Loan Agreements, we granted Mr. Kruy a first priority security
interest in all of our accounts, instruments, documents, general intangibles,
equipment, inventory, and proceeds of any of the foregoing. We believe that

21
<PAGE>

the borrowing arrangements we made with Mr. Kruy were on terms at least as
favorable to us as we would have expected from lenders unrelated to us.  As
of December 31, 2006, the balance outstanding under the above and prior Loan
and Security Agreements is $275,000 of which $225,000 is owed to Joseph F.
Kruy and $50,000 is owed to the estate of Richard E. Calvert.


                         Item 13.  Exhibits.

The following documents are filed as part of this report:

             (1)   The financial statements listed in the index to
                   financial statements appearing at page F-1 of this
                   report, which index is incorporated in this item by
                   reference.

             (2)   See the exhibit index following on page A-1.


                Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Audit Fees

The aggregate fees we agreed to pay Sullivan Bille, P.C. for professional
services rendered for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements
on Form 10-KSB and the review of financial statements included in Form 10-QSB
for the year ended December 31, 2006 is up to $57,300 and for the year ended
December 31, 2005 was $50,950.

Audit Related Fees

There were no fees billed in 2006 and 2005 for assurance and related services
provided by the Company's principal accountants.

Tax Fees

During 2006 and 2005, there were no fees billed for tax compliance, tax
advice, and tax planning professional services rendered by the Company's
principal accountants.

All Other Fees

There were no fees billed in 2006 and 2005 for products and other services
provided by the Company's principal accountants.


The Audit Committee approved 100% of the fees paid to the principal
accountants for audit-related, tax and other fees. The Audit Committee pre-
approves all non-audit services to be provided by the auditor in accordance
with the Audit Committee Charter.

There were no hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to
audit the Company's financial statements for 2006 that were attributed to
work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's full time,
permanent employees.

22
<PAGE>

                                EXHIBIT INDEX

The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference
herein.

Exhibit

3.1	Restated Articles of Organization of Cambex Corporation (included as
Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2,
declared effective with the Commission on November 7, 2000, Reg. No.
333-43294, and incorporated herein by reference).

3.2	Restated By-laws of Cambex Corporation (included as Exhibit 3.2 to the
Company's Registration Statement on Form SB-2, declared effective with
the Commission on November 7, 2000, Reg. No. 333-43294, and
incorporated herein by reference).

3.3 Series A Preferred Stock Certificate of Designations (included as Exhibit
10.37 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended
June 30, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference).

4.1	Specimen Stock Certificate (included as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's
Registration Statement on Form SB-2, declared effective with the
Commission on November 7, 2000, Reg. No. 333-43294, and incorporated
herein by reference).

4.2	Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and the Purchasers
identified therein (the "Sovereign Purchasers") dated as of January 18,
2000 (included as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and
incorporated herein by reference).

10.1	Employment Agreement between Joseph F. Kruy and the Company,
dated as of November 18, 1994 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company's Amendment to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter
ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.2	Incentive Bonus Plan (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's
Registration Statement on Form SB-2, declared effective with the
Commission on November 7, 2000, Reg. No. 333-43294, and incorporated
herein by reference).

10.3	1987 Combination Stock Option Plan (included as Exhibit 10.8 to
the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
August 31, 1987, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.4	2000 Equity Incentive Plan (included as Exhibit 10.12 to the
Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference).



                                       A-1
23
<PAGE>

                           EXHIBIT INDEX(CONTINUED)

10.5	Series 1 Bridge Note Purchase Agreement among the Company and the
Sovereign Purchasers dated as of January 18, 2000 (included as Exhibit
10.7 to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for
the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.6	Escrow Agreement among the Company, the Sovereign Purchasers and
Suntrust Bank, Atlanta dated as of January 6, 2000 (included as Exhibit
10.8 to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for
the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.7	Placement Agent Agreement between the Company and Sovereign
Capital Advisors, LLC ("Sovereign Advisors") dated as of January 18, 2000
(included as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and
incorporated herein by reference).

10.8	Guaranty Agreement among Joseph F. Kruy, the Company and the
Sovereign Purchasers dated as of January 18, 2000. (included as Exhibit 10.10
to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the
quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.9	Guaranty Agreement among CyberFin Corporation, the Company and
the Sovereign Purchasers dated as of January 18, 2000 (included as Exhibit
10.11 to the Company's Amendment to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for
the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.10	Stock Pledge Agreement by Joseph F. Kruy in favor of the
Sovereign Purchasers dated as of January 18, 2000  (included as Exhibit
10.12 to the Company's Amendment to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A
for the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by
reference).

10.11	Stock Pledge Agreement by CyberFin Corporation in favor of the
Sovereign Purchasers dated as of January 18, 2000 (included as Exhibit
10.13 to the Company's Amendment to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A
for the quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by
reference).

10.12	Series 1 Bridge Financing Note in favor of Arab Commerce Bank
Ltd. dated as of February 9, 2000 (included as Exhibit 10.22 to the
Company's Amendment to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the
quarter ended April 1, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference).

10.13	Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, by and between the
Company and BA Associates, Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's
Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with the Commission on November 29,
2000, Reg. No. 333-50936, and incorporated herein by reference.)


                                    A-2
24
<PAGE>

                          EXHIBIT INDEX(CONTINUED)

10.14 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, by and
between the Company and B.A. Associates, Inc., dated as of December 27, 2000
(included as Exhibit 10.28 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, and incorporated herein by
reference).

10.15 Form of Warrant Certificate between the Company and B.A. Associates,
Inc. (included as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000, and incorporated herein by
reference).

10.16 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, by and
between the Company and B.A. Associates, Inc., dated as of December 27, 2001
(included as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001 and incorporated herein by
reference).

10.17 Lease by and between the Company and Bertech Flanders, LLC dated as of
April 24, 2003 (included as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Quarterly Report
on 10QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, and incorporated herein by
reference).


21.1	List of subsidiaries of the Company.

31.1 Certification as required by section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002

32.1 Certification as required by section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United
States Code).

99.1 Risk Factors.


                                  A-3
25
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES


                 (Information required by Part II, Item 7 and
                        Part III, Item 13 of Form 10-KSB)


                             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                Page

Report of Independent Public Accountants                        F - 2

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2006 and 2005        F - 3

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years
       Ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005            F - 5

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Investment
       for the Years Ended December 31, 2006 and
       December 31, 2005                                        F - 6

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
       Years Ended December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005      F - 7

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                      F - 8







                               F-1
26
<PAGE>

         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders of Cambex Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Cambex
Corporation (a Massachusetts corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31,
2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders' investment and cash flows for the years then ended.  These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to
perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cambex
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.


                                 SULLIVAN BILLE, P.C.
                                 CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Tewksbury, Massachusetts
March 26, 2007





                                      F-2
27
<PAGE>

                       CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                       DECEMBER 31, 2006 AND DECEMBER 31, 2005

                                      ASSETS

                                                DECEMBER 31,   DECEMBER 31,
                                                     2006          2005


CURRENT ASSETS:

   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                    $   225,835   $   326,747

   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE,
   Less Reserves of $26,000 in 2006 and
    $29,000 in 2005                                  43,233       175,141


   INVENTORIES                                       51,845       154,121

   PREPAID EXPENSES                                  16,141        57,648

      TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS                      $   337,054   $   713,657

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, at cost:
   MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT                      $   422,468   $   422,468
   FURNITURE AND FIXTURES                            14,186        14,186
                                                $   436,654   $   436,654

 LESS - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION                    433,654       431,654

 NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT                     $     3,000   $     5,000


  TOTAL ASSETS                                  $   340,054   $   718,657

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.


                                       F-3
28
<PAGE>

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                     DECEMBER 31, 2006 AND DECEMBER 31, 2005

                    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT

                                                DECEMBER 31,     DECEMBER 31,
                                                    2006             2005

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
LOAN AGREEMENT                                $     225,000  $     967,219
NOTES PAYABLE                                       429,643        464,643
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE                                    156,240        154,918
OTHER LIABILITIES                                   522,993      1,188,828
ACCRUED EXPENSES                                  1,760,052      1,604,386

 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES                    $   3,093,928  $   4,379,994


STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT:
PREFERRED STOCK, $ 1.00 PAR VALUE PER SHARE
AUTHORIZED - 3,000,000 SHARES
 SERIES A - ISSUED - 84,701 shares in 2006
   and 98,223 shares in 2005                  $      84,701  $      98,223
 SERIES B - ISSUED - 37,240 shares in 2005             -            37,240

COMMON STOCK, $ .10 PAR VALUE PER SHARE
AUTHORIZED - 25,000,000 SHARES
 ISSUED - 23,429,278 shares in 2006 and
  22,742,162 shares in 2005                       2,342,928      2,274,216
CAPITAL IN EXCESS OF PAR VALUE                   19,846,252     19,864,202
RETAINED EARNINGS (DEFICIT)                     (25,027,755)   (25,935,218)

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT                $  (2,753,874) $  (3,661,337)
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT                     $     340,054  $     718,657

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                   F-4
29
<PAGE>

                      CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
            FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 AND DECEMBER 31, 2005


                                                Year Ended    Year Ended
                                               December 31,  December 31,
                                                    2006         2005


REVENUES                                         $ 2,345,067 $ 2,272,191
COST OF SALES                                        356,959     447,508

Gross profit                                     $ 1,988,108 $ 1,824,683

OPERATING EXPENSES:
   Research and development                      $   870,881 $   865,252
   Selling                                           319,881     366,839
   General and administrative                        490,971     463,850
   Total operating expenses                      $ 1,681,733 $ 1,695,941

OPERATING INCOME                                 $   306,375 $   128,742

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)                               601,088     101,476

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES                       $   907,463 $   230,218
   Provision for income taxes                           -           -

NET INCOME                                       $   907,463 $   230,218


BASIC AND DILUTED INCOME PER COMMON SHARE        $      0.04 $      0.01

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding        23,262,000  20,700,000
Weighted Average Common and Common
Equivalent Shares Outstanding                     23,262,000  20,700,000

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                    F-5
30
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' INVESTMENT (NOTE 7)
        FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 AND DECEMBER 31, 2005

                            Common Stock  Capital in    Retained    Cost of
                               $.10       Excess of     Earnings   Shares of
                             Par Value    Par Value     (Deficit)Common Stock
                                                                    Held in
                                                                   Treasury

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2004,
 before reclassification        $1,986,561 $20,498,545
$(26,165,436)$(888,971)
Reclassification of common
 stock held in treasury          ( 154,526) (  734,445)        -      888,971
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2004,
 as reclassified                 1,832,035  19,764,100  (26,165,436)     -
ADD:
Net income                            -           -         230,218      -
Conversion of Preferred
 Stock to Common Stock             114,000      (4,000)        -         -
Dividends                           39,992     (39,992)        -         -
Conversion of Notes Payable
 and interest to Common
 Stock                             176,356      88,177         -         -
Conversion of Accrued
 Expenses to Common Stock          111,833      55,917         -         -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2005    $2,274,216 $19,864,202 $(25,935,218)$    -

ADD:
Net income                            -           -         907,463      -
Conversion of Preferred
 Stock to Common Stock              52,116      (1,354)        -         -
Dividends                           16,596     (16,596)        -         -

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2006    $2,342,928 $19,846,252 $(25,027,755)$    -


                                  Series A             Series B
                              Preferred Stock    Preferred Stock
                              $1.00 Par Value    $1.00 Par Value

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2004     $  98,223           $ 147,240

ADD:
Conversion of Preferred
 Stock to Common Stock                -               (110,000)

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2005      $ 98,223           $  37,240

ADD:
Conversion of Preferred
 Stock to Common Stock            ( 13,522)           ( 37,240)

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2006      $ 84,701           $    -


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                         F-6
31
<PAGE>

                       CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW
               FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 AND DECEMBER 31, 2005

	                                           Year Ended    Year Ended
                                                 December 31,  December 31,
                                                    2006           2005
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net income                                         $   907,463 $   230,218
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
cash provided by(used in)operating activities:
 Depreciation                                      $     2,000 $     1,000
 Amortization of prepaid expenses                        8,147       6,800
 Obligations for trade-in memory                          -     (  240,000)
 Reversal of accrued expenses                        ( 665,835) (  219,216)
Change in assets and liabilities:
  Accounts receivable                                  131,908     122,564
  Inventory                                            102,276  (    1,859)
  Prepaid expenses                                      33,360      11,853
  Accounts payable                                       1,322  (  120,345)
  Accrued expenses                                     155,666      73,641
  Other liabilities                                       -         39,025
     Total adjustments                             $(  231,156)$(  326,537)
Net cash provided by(used in) operating activities $   676,307 $(   96,319)

CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 Purchases of equipment, net                       $      -    $(    6,000)
 Net cash provided by(used in)investing activities $      -    $(    6,000)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Increase(decrease) in notes payable               $(   35,000)$(   60,000)
 Net borrowings(repayments) under loan agreement    (  742,219)    175,296
 Net cash provided by
 (used in) financing activities                    $(  777,219)$   115,296
Net increase (decrease) in
  cash and cash equivalents                        $(  100,912)$    12,977
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year        326,747     313,770
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year          $   225,835 $   326,747

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Cash paid during the year for:
  Interest                                         $      -    $        50
  Income Taxes                                            -           -
Non-cash financing and investing activities:
 Conversion of note payable and interest
  to Common Stock                                  $      -    $   264,533
 Conversion of accrued expenses to Common Stock           -        167,750



The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.
                                     F-7
32
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                         December 31, 2006 and 2005

(1)   Business Operations

We are a designer and supplier of data storage products and solutions.  Our
products include memory for computing systems and fibre channel connectivity
and storage products used to build storage area networks (SANs).

We sell our products to OEMs, resellers and directly to end-users. In 2005
and 2006, our largest customers included QLogic, Hewlett-Packard and Sun
Microsystems.

In the year ended December 31, 2005, our top five customers accounted
for approximately 62% of our total net revenues, and, in the year ended
December 31, 2006, our top five customers accounted for approximately 88% of
our total net revenues. During 2005 and 2006, two customers exceeded 10% of
total revenues. There is no assurance that current customers will remain our
customers in the future and the loss of a major customer could have a
material effect on our business.


(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Cambex Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All subsidiaries are
inactive. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in consolidation.

Revenue Recognition

We manufacture equipment for sale or lease.  We follow the guidance in Staff
Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") 104 in applying generally accepted accounting
principles to revenue recognition in consolidated financial statements. We
include items in revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have
been rendered, our price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and
collectibility is reasonably assured.

Inventories

Inventories, which include materials, labor and manufacturing overhead, are
stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market and consist of
the following:
                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                             2006               2005

     Raw materials                     $    19,193        $   104,461
     Work-in-process                         8,410             14,491
     Finished goods                         24,242             35,169
            Total                      $    51,845        $   154,121

                                    F-8
33
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                         December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued

Property and Equipment

We provide for depreciation and amortization on a straight- line basis to
amortize the cost of property and equipment over their estimated useful lives
as follows:

             Machinery and equipment         3- 8 Years
             Furniture and fixtures          3- 8 Years

Maintenance and repair items are charged to expense when incurred; renewals
or betterments are capitalized.

If property is sold or otherwise disposed of, our policy is to remove the
related cost and accumulated depreciation from the accounts and to include
any resulting gain or loss in income.

Depreciation expense of $2,000 and $1,000, was recorded for the periods ended
December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively.

Net Income Per Common Share

Basic income per share amounts are based on the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during each year. Diluted income per share amounts
are based on the weighted average number of common shares and common share
equivalents outstanding during each year to the extent such equivalents have
a dilutive effect on the income per share.

For the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, common share equivalents
(options, warrants and convertible preferred stock) were not included in
diluted income per share because the inclusion of the common stock
equivalents would have had an antidilutive effect on the computation of
diluted income per share.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents are recorded at cost which approximates market
value and includes instruments purchased with maturities of less than three
months.

Disclosures about the Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Our financial instruments consist mainly of cash, cash equivalents, accounts
receivable, accounts payable, notes payable and a revolving credit agreement.
The carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair
value due to the short-term nature of these instruments.

                                    F-9
34
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued

Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the
date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of
income and expenses during the reporting periods.  Actual results could
differ from those estimates.

Segment Reporting

SFAS No. 131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related
Information," became effective for periods beginning after December 31, 1997.
This statement requires the presentment of information about the identifiable
components comprising an enterprise's business activities.

We have determined that there are no separately reportable operating segments
and, therefore, do not present separate reporting segments in the
consolidated financial statements.

Stock-Based Compensation

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment."
SFAS 123(R) replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25 (APB 25), "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees."  SFAS
123(R) is effective as of the beginning of the first interim or annual
reporting period that begins after December 15, 2005.  SFAS 123(R) requires
that the costs resulting from all share-based payment transactions be
recognized in the financial statements.  SFAS 123(R) applies to all awards
granted after the required effective date and shall not apply to awards
granted in periods before the required effective date, except if prior awards
are modified, repurchased, or cancelled after the effective date.  With the
adoption of SFAS 123(R), the Company elected to amortize stock-based
compensation for awards granted on or after the adoption of SFAS 123(R) on
January 1, 2006, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service
(vesting) period for the entire award.

As permitted under SFAS 123, amended by SFAS 123(R), the Company elected to
follow APB 25, and related interpretations in accounting for stock based
awards to employees through December 31, 2005. Accordingly, compensation cost
for stock options and nonvested stock grants was measured as the excess, if
any, of the market price of the Company's stock at the date of grant over the
amount an employee must pay to acquire the stock.


                                     F-10
35
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
SFAS No. 153, "Exchange of Nonmonetary Assets", which is an amendment to APB
Opinion No. 29. The guidance in APB Opinion No. 29, "Accounting for
Nonmonetary Transactions", is based on the principle that exchanges of
nonmonetary assets should be measured based on the fair value of the assets
exchanged. The guidance in that opinion, however, included certain exceptions
to that principle. This statement amends APB Opinion No. 29 to eliminate the
exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces
it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not
have commercial substance. A nonmonetary exchange has commercial substance if
the future cash flows of the entity are expected to change significantly as a
result of the exchange. The adoption of SFAS No. 153 is not expected to have
a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.

In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, "Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections." SFAS 154 is an amendment of APB Opinion 20 and FASB Statement
No. 3.  This statement changes the requirements for the accounting for and
reporting of a change in accounting principal.  This Statement applies to all
voluntary changes in accounting principal and to changes required by an
accounting pronouncement in unusual instances that the pronouncement does not
include specific transition provisions. The Company does not expect the
adoption of SFAS 154 to have an impact on its financial position or operating
results.

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155, "Accounting for Certain
Hybrid Financial Instruments."  SFAS 155 is an amendment to SFAS 133 and 140.
SFAS 155 improves financial reporting by eliminating the exception from
applying SFAS 133 to interest in securitized financial assets so that similar
instruments are accounted for similarly regardless of the form of the
instruments.  SFAS 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired or
issued after the beginning of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after
September 15, 2006.  The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS 155 to
have an impact on its financial position or results of operations.

In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 156, "Accounting for Servicing of
Financial Assets - an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140." SFAS 156 is an
amendment to SFAS 140. SFAS 156 requires an entity to recognize a servicing
asset or servicing liability each time it undertakes an obligation to service
a financial asset by entering into a servicing contract; requires all
separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities to be
initially measured at fair value, if practicable; permits an entity to choose
its subsequent measurement methods for each class of separately recognized
servicing assets and servicing liabilities; at its initial adoption, permits
a one-time reclassification of available-for-sale securities by entities with
recognized servicing rights, without calling into question the treatment of
other available-for-sale securities under Statement 115, provided that the
available-for-sale securities are identified in some manner as offsetting the


                                     F-11
36
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued

entity's exposure to changes in fair value of servicing assets or servicing
liabilities that a servicer elects to subsequently measure at fair value; and
requires separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities
subsequently measured at fair value in the statement of financial position
and additional disclosures for all separately recognized servicing assets and
servicing liabilities. SFAS 156 is effective for all servicing assets and
servicing liabilities transactions after the beginning of an entity's first
fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006.  The Company does not
expect the adoption of SFAS 156 to have an impact on its financial position
or results of operations.

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes." This Interpretation clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial
statements in accordance with SFAS 109. This Interpretation prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure, and transition. This Interpretation is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company does not expect the adoption
of Interpretation No. 48 to have an impact on its financial position or
results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements."
SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value
in generally accepted accounting principles and expands disclosures about
fair value measurements. SFAS 157 applies under other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. Accordingly,
SFAS 157 does not require any new fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is
effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company
does not expect the adoption of SFAS 157 to have an impact on its financial
position or results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)." SFAS improves financial reporting by
requiring an employer to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a
defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement
of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the
year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. SFAS 158 also
improves financial reporting by requiring an employer to measure the funded
status of a plan as of the date of its year-end statement of financial
position. SFAS 158 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15,
2006. The adoption of SFAS 158 did not have an impact on the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - Including an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 115." SFAS 159 permits entities to choose to measure many

                                    F-12
37
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(2)   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued

financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The objective is
to improve financial reporting by providing entities with the opportunity to
mitigate volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring related assets
and liabilities differently without having to apply complex hedge accounting
provisions. SFAS 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning after November
15, 2007. The Company does not expect the adoption of SFAS 159 to have an
impact on its financial position or results of operations.

(3)  Income Taxes

In accordance with SFAS No. 109, "Accounting For Income Taxes", deferred tax
assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the
financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax
rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.

The following table presents a reconciliation between taxes provided at the
statutory federal income tax rate and the actual tax provision recorded for
the following periods:

                              Year ended      Year ended
                               December        December
                                 2006            2005

Provision (credit) at
federal statutory rate        $  308,500      $   78,300

State tax provision
(credit), net of federal
tax benefit                       57,200          14,600

Change in valuation
allowances                      (365,800)       ( 93,200)

Other                                100             300
                              $    -0-        $    -0-

We have federal net operating loss carryovers totalling $24,800,000 which
expire through the year ended December 31, 2023.


                                    F-13
38
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                        December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)


(3)   Income Taxes - Continued


The tax effects of the significant items which comprise the deferred tax
liability and tax asset, as of fiscal 2006 and 2005 are as follows:

                                     December       December
                                       2006           2005

Assets
Reserves not currently deductible
 for tax purposes                  $   371,000    $   620,000
State tax net operating loss
 carryforward                        2,421,000      2,448,000
Federal net operating loss
 carryforward                        7,635,000      7,720,000
Employee benefits                       21,000         26,000

Net deferred tax asset             $10,448,000    $10,814,000
Valuation allowance                (10,448,000)   (10,814,000)
Tax asset                                   0             0

Tax refunds receivable                      0             0

Total tax asset                             0             0

Due to the uncertainty of the realizability of the deferred tax assets, we
have established a valuation allowance for the net deferred tax assets.


(4)   Short Term Borrowings

We have a loan and security agreement with a related party referred to in
Note 11. The outstanding balance due to the related party was $225,000 and
$967,219 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Notes payable of $429,643 at December 31, 2006 and $464,643 at December 31,
2005 include $275,000 of advances payable from related parties, which are due
on demand. These notes are further described in Note 11. The balances of
$154,643 and $189,643 as of December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005,
respectively, include $4,643 and $ 39,643, respectively, of accounts payable
converted to notes payable and include $150,000 of series 1 bridge financing
notes issued in 2000.



                                           F-14
39
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                         December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(4)   Short Term Borrowings - Continued

The series 1 bridge financing notes bore interest at the rate of 8% per annum
prior to maturity. Since maturity, interest is accruing on these notes at a
rate of 12% per annum. These bridge notes are convertible into shares of our
common stock at any time at a weighted average per share price of $4.08.
Following conversion of the bridge notes, if Arab Commerce Bank Ltd. does not
realize at least a 20% gain on shares of common stock that they choose to
sell during the 90 days following conversion, then Arab Commerce Bank Ltd. is
entitled to acquire additional shares of common stock at a price of $0.10 per
share through the exercise of repricing warrants.  In addition to these
bridge notes and the attached repricing warrants, we issued warrants to
purchase 300,000 shares of common stock. These warrants have a weighted
average exercise price of $4.54 per share. There is no value associated with
these warrants recorded on our books.


(5)   Earnings Per Share

Earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the average number
of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding during the year.
The weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the years
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 were approximately 23,262,000 and
20,700,000, respectively.

Common stock equivalents include the net additional number of shares that
would be issuable upon the exercise of the outstanding common stock options
and warrants (see Note 9) and conversion of preferred stock, assuming that we
reinvested the proceeds to purchase additional shares at market value. Common
stock equivalents also include shares of common stock that would be issuable
upon conversion of subordinated promissory convertible notes.

Options and warrants to purchase 3,702,858 and 5,159,909 weighted average
shares of common stock during the years ended December 31, 2006 and December
31, 2005, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted
income per share because to do so would have had an antidilutive effect on
the computation of income per share. Weighted average shares issuable from
convertible notes of 24,630 were not included in the diluted earnings per
share because to do so would have had an antidilutive effect on the
computation of earnings per share.

As more fully described in Note 9, options and warrants to purchase 3,213,750
and 4,431,550 shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2006 and
2005, respectively, and 24,630 shares of common stock issuable upon
conversion of notes outstanding at December 31, 2006 and 2005 could
potentially dilute basic income (loss) per share in the future.

                                               F-15
40
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

 (6) Preferred Stock

We are authorized to issue up to 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1.00
par value per share, of which 84,701 and 135,463 shares are issued and
outstanding as of December 31, 2006 and December 31, 2005, respectively. The
84,701 shares outstanding as of December 31, 2006 are Series A Convertible
Preferred shares. Of the 135,463 preferred shares outstanding, shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2005, 98,223 shares are Series A Convertible
Preferred shares and 37,240 are Series B Convertible Preferred shares. The
Series A Convertible Preferred shares have a dividend rate of 12%, when and
if declared by the Company's Board of Directors. Holders of shares of Series
A Preferred stock are not entitled to any voting rights for any shares of
Series A Preferred stock which they hold. The Series A Preferred Stock is
convertible into shares of common stock, at any time at the holder's option.
The holder's of the 84,701 shares of Series A Preferred Stock could convert
their preferred shares into 847,010 shares of common stock. In 2005, 110,000
shares of Series B Preferred Stock and dividends were converted into
1,539,924 shares of common stock, including 399,924 shares relating to
dividends. Upon an optional conversion, dividends accrued at the rate of 12%
are payable in shares of common stock. In 2006, 13,522 shares of Series A
Preferred stock was converted into 135,220 shares of common stock and the
remaining 37,240 shares of Series B Preferred stock and dividends were
converted into 551,896 shares of common stock, including 165,954 shares
relating to dividends.

(7) Stockholders' Investment

Effective July 1, 2004, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts adopted a
legislative act that resulted in a new Massachusetts corporation law. Under
the Act, the general concept of treasury stock is no longer in place. As a
result, any shares of stock that are purchased by the corporation are
returned to unissued status. Because the new law was effective July 1, 2004,
the reclassifications necessary have been reflected on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets and in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Investment.

(8)   Commitments and Contingencies

At December 31, 2006, we had minimum rental commitments under long-term,
noncancelable operating leases for facilities and other equipment as follows:

            Due during Fiscal Year



                  2007                 177,371
                  2008                 183,488
                  2009                  91,744

                  Total             $  452,603

Total rental expense, including the cost of short-term equipment leases, real
estate taxes and insurance paid to the landlord and charged to operations
approximated $258,000 for the year ended December 31, 2006 and $248,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2005.
                                     F-16
41
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                   December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)
(8)   Commitments and Contingencies - Continued

In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings.  We
believe that the outcome of these proceedings will not have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

(9)   Stock Options and Warrants

On March 7, 1997, we established the 1997 Stock Option Plan. As of December
31, 2006, there were 364,000 options to purchase shares of our common stock
outstanding under the 1997 Plan. On November 12, 1999, the 1997 Plan was
cancelled. On November 12, 1999, we established and on December 23, 1999,
shareholders approved the Year 2000 Equity Incentive Plan. The Year 2000
Equity Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of up to 1,500,000 shares of
our common stock and 607,000 options to purchase shares of our common stock
were outstanding as of December 31, 2006. The Year 2000 Equity Incentive Plan
replaces the 1997 Plan for all future options. At December 31, 2006, we had
three stock option plans for officers and certain employees under which
1,864,000 shares were reserved and options for 893,000 shares were available
for future grants.  Options are granted at not less than 85%, or in certain
cases, not less than 100%, of the fair market value of the common stock on
the date of grant.  Options outstanding have a term of ten years and become
exercisable in installments as determined by the Board of Directors. The
plans' options vest between one through six years and all expire between
March 7, 2007 and March 25, 2015.

Stock option activity for the two years ended December 31, 2006 was as
follows:

Option Shares                        Number of shares      Option Price
                                     of common stock       per share
                                     covered by options



	Outstanding at December 31, 2004  1,113,800          $.06  -  $5.30

      Granted                             215,000           .09  -    .16
	Exercised, cancelled or
	    Expired                        (140,000)          .09  -    .16
	Outstanding at December 31, 2005  1,188,800          $.06  -  $5.30

      Granted                                -
	Exercised, cancelled or
	    Expired                        (217,800)          .06  -    .26
	Outstanding at December 31, 2006    971,000          $.09  -  $5.30


As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, options for 933,000 and 1,008,800 shares
were exercisable at aggregate option prices of $671,360 and $679,816,
respectively.
                                    F-17
42
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                   December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(9)   Stock Options and Warrants - Continued

Effective January 1, 2006, the Company adopted the fair value method which is
considered the preferable accounting method, of recording stock-based
employee compensation as contained in SFAS No. 123 (R).  As prescribed in
SFAS No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and
Disclosure", the Company elected to use the "prospective method."  The
prospective method requires expense to be recognized for all awards granted,
modified or settled beginning in the year of adoption.  Historically, the
Company applied the intrinsic method as provided in Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and related
interpretations and accordingly, no compensation cost had been recognized for
stock options in prior periods.  As a result of adopting the fair value
method for stock compensation, all future awards will be expensed over the
stock options' vesting period.

Had compensation cost for these plans been determined consistent with SFAS
No. 123 for the year ended December 31, 2005, our net income(loss) and
income(loss) per share would have been changed to the following pro forma
amounts:

                                                    Year ended
                                                   December 31,
                                                       2005

Net Income: As Reported (000's)                            230
            Pro Forma                                      200

Basic and Diluted EPS: As Reported                        0.01
                       Pro Forma                          0.01


The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of the grant
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions
for grants in the periods presented.

                                                   Year ended
                                                   December 31,
                                                       2005
Assumptions:
      Risk free interest rate                         4.17%
      Expected dividend yield                            0%
      Expected life in years                            10


As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, warrants to purchase 2,242,750 and
3,242,750 shares of common stock at weighted average prices of $0.32 and
$0.36 per share were outstanding and an equal number of shares were reserved
for issuance. Our shareholders have approved an increase from 25,000,000 to
50,000,000 shares in the aggregate number of shares of common stock
authorized to be issued by the Company.


                                         F-18
43
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                   December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

 (10)   Incentive Bonus Plan and 401(k) Profit Sharing Retirement Plan

We have an incentive bonus plan under which certain key employees as a group
are entitled to receive additional compensation up to a maximum of 15% of our
pre-tax income, as defined.  There were provisions of $68,000 and $17,000 for
additional compensation in 2006 and 2005, respectively.

On September 1, 1988, we established the Cambex Corporation 401(k) Profit
Sharing Retirement Plan (the Plan).  Under the Plan, employees are allowed to
make pre-tax retirement contributions.  In addition, we may provide matching
contributions based on pre-established rates. Each year the Board of
Directors determines whether matching contributions will be made and in what
amounts. There was no matching contribution in 2006 or 2005.

We offer no post-retirement benefits other than those provided under the
Plan.


(11)  Related Party Transactions

On November 9, 1998, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with
B.A. Associates, Inc. (BAA), which is a corporation owned by Bruce D.
Rozelle, a son-in-law  of Joseph F. Kruy, our Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer.  This Loan and Security Agreement, as amended by a First
Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated March 15, 1999, and further
amended through December 27, 2001 (as so amended, the "BAA Loan Agreement"),
allows us to borrow up to  $1,100,000, which is the maximum that may be
outstanding at any one time. Under the BAA Loan Agreement, we granted BAA a
first priority security interest in all of our accounts, instruments,
documents, general intangibles, equipment, inventory, and proceeds of any of
the foregoing.  We pay all amounts that we receive from collections of our
accounts receivable to BAA not less frequently than each week until the
outstanding loan amount plus interest, which accrues at a 12% annual rate, is
fully paid.  Under the terms of the BAA Loan Agreement, originally BAA
received a warrant for the purchase of 1.3 million shares of common stock, at
an exercise price of $0.22 per share.  In consideration for increasing the
amount of available funds, the Company agreed to issue an additional warrant
to BAA for the purchase of 400,000 shares of our common stock, at an exercise
price of $1.25 per share.  We believe that the borrowing arrangements we made
with BAA were on terms at least as favorable to us as we would have expected
from lenders unrelated to us and relatives of Mr. Kruy.



                                   F-19
44
<PAGE>

                     CAMBEX CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                     December 31, 2006 and 2005

                                 (Continued)

(11)  Related Party Transactions - Continued

In April through July 2002, we borrowed $125,000 from Joseph F. Kruy and
$50,000 from Richard E. Calvert.  We also entered into separate Loan and
Security Agreements with Messrs. Kruy and Calvert. Our payment obligations
under these Loan and Security Agreements (the "2002 Loan Agreements") are
evidenced by 12% Notes due in April through July 2003.  Under the 2002 Loan
Agreements, we granted each of Messrs. Kruy and Calvert a first priority
security interest in all of our accounts, instruments, documents, general
intangibles, equipment, inventory, and proceeds of any of the foregoing.
Under the terms of the 2002 Loan Agreements, Messrs. Kruy and Calvert
received a warrant to purchase up to one share of common stock for each
dollar loaned to us, at an exercise price of $0.25 per share. We believe that
the borrowing arrangements we made with Mr. Kruy and others were on terms at
least as favorable to us as we would have expected from lenders unrelated to
us.

In June through August 2003, we borrowed $200,000 from Joseph F. Kruy.  We
also entered into Loan and Security Agreements with Mr. Kruy. Our payment
obligations under these Loan and Security Agreements (the "2003 Loan
Agreements") are evidenced by 12% Notes due in June through August 2004.
Under the 2003 Loan Agreements, we granted Mr. Kruy a first priority security
interest in all of our accounts, instruments, documents, general intangibles,
equipment, inventory, and proceeds of any of the foregoing. We believe that
the borrowing arrangements we made with Mr. Kruy were on terms at least as
favorable to us as we would have expected from lenders unrelated to us.
As of December 31, 2006, the balance outstanding under these Loan Agreements
is $275,000 of which $225,000 is owed to Joseph F. Kruy and $50,000 is owed
to Richard E. Calvert.






                                      F-20
45
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES



Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


CAMBEX CORPORATION


By:   /s/Joseph F. Kruy
         Joseph F. Kruy, President                        March 30, 2007



Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Company and in the capacities indicated as of March 30, 2007.


By:   /s/   Joseph F. Kruy
            Joseph F. Kruy, Chairman of the Board, President
            (Principal Executive Officer)


By:   /s/   Robert J. Spain
            Robert J. Spain, Director


By:   /s/   C. V. Ramamoorthy
            C. V. Ramamoorthy, Director






46
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>sublist.txt
<TEXT>
                          List of Subsidiaries

Subsidiary                                       Jurisdiction


Cambex Securities Corporation                    Massachusetts
Cambex UK Ltd.                                   England

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-31.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>cert.txt
<TEXT>
Certifications:

I, Joseph F. Kruy, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-KSB of Cambex Corporation;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation as of the
Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls;
and

6. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have indicated in this
annual report whether there were significant changes in internal controls or
in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any
corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses.

Date: March 30, 2007

/s/ Joseph F. Kruy
Joseph F. Kruy
President and Treasurer
(principal executive officer and principal financial officer)



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-32.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cert32.txt
<TEXT>

Exhibit 32.1

       Form of Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63
                 of Title 18 of the United States Code


I, Joseph F. Kruy, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of
Cambex Corporation, certify that

(i) This annual report on Form 10KSB for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and

(ii) The information contained in this annual report on Form 10KSB fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of Cambex Corporation.


Dated: March 30, 2007        /s/ Joseph F. Kruy
                             Joseph F. Kruy
                             President and Treasurer
                             [principal executive officer and
                              principal financial officer]


This certification accompanies this annual report pursuant to section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.1
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>riskfactors.txt
<TEXT>
                                 RISK FACTORS

                         Risks Related to Our Business

We have developed relationships with potential OEM, distribution channel and
end user customers and a decision by any one of these potential customers not
to purchase our products, or any cancellation or delay of orders that may be
placed by any of these potential customers may have a significant and adverse
affect on our net revenues

    Historically, a limited number of OEMs, distribution channel and end user
customers have accounted for a significant majority of our total net revenues
in each fiscal period.  For example, sales to our top five customers
accounted for approximately 88% and 62% percent of net revenues for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.  We have
established relationships with a small number of potential OEM, distribution
channel and end user customers.  If any one of these potential customers
decides not to purchase our products or decides to purchase our products in
quantities that are below our expectations, then our net revenues will be
adversely affected.  We have and expect to continue to experience substantial
period-to-period fluctuations in future operating results because, among
other factors, we depend to a significant extent upon revenues from a small
number of customers.

    Our sales cycle typically involves a lengthy qualification cycle during
which there is a need to expend significant resources in addressing customer
specifications.  Because of the length of the sales cycle, we may experience
a delay between increasing expenses for research and development and sales
and marketing efforts and the generation of higher revenues, if any, from
such expenditures.  The purchase of our products or of solutions that
incorporate our products typically involves significant internal procedures
associated with the evaluation, testing, implementation and acceptance of new
technologies.  This evaluation process frequently results in a lengthy sales
process, typically ranging from three months to longer than a year, and
subjects the sales cycle associated with the purchase of our products to a
number of significant risks, including budgetary constraints and internal
acceptance reviews. The length of our sales cycle also varies substantially
from customer to customer.

    Because we anticipate that none of our potential customers will be, and
none of our current customers are, contractually obligated to purchase any
fixed amount of products from us in the future, they may stop placing orders
with us at any time, regardless of any forecast they may have previously
provided.  If any of our significant customers stop or delay purchases, our
revenues and operating results would be adversely affected, which could cause
our stock price to decline.  We cannot be certain that we will retain our
current OEM, distribution channel or end user customers or that we will be
able to recruit additional or replacement customers.  As is common in an
emerging technology industry, agreements with OEMs and distribution channel
customers are typically non-exclusive and often may be terminated by either
party without cause.  Moreover, many OEM and distribution channel customers
carry competing product lines.  If we were to suddenly lose one or more
important OEM, distribution channel or end user customers or potential
customers to a competitor, our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected.  Moreover, OEM customers
could develop products internally that would replace our products.  The
resulting reduction in sales of our products to any OEM customers, in

1
<PAGE>

addition to the increased competition presented by these customers, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or
financial condition.


The failure of OEM customers to keep pace with rapid technological change and
to successfully develop and introduce new products could adversely affect our
net revenues

    Our ability to generate increased revenues depends significantly upon the
ability and willingness of OEM customers to develop and promote products on a
timely basis that incorporate our technology.  If OEM customers do not
successfully develop and market the solutions that incorporate our products,
then sales of our products to OEM customers will be adversely affected.  The
ability and willingness of OEM customers to develop and promote such products
is based upon a number of factors beyond our control.


Delays in product development could adversely affect our market position or
customer relationships

    We have experienced delays in product development in the past and may
experience similar delays in the future.  Given the short product life cycles
in the markets for our products, any delay or unanticipated difficulty
associated with new product introductions or product enhancements could cause
us to lose customers and damage our competitive position.  Prior delays have
resulted from numerous factors, such as:

      changing product specifications;
      difficulties in hiring and retaining necessary personnel;
      difficulties in reallocating engineering resources and other
      resource limitations;
      lack of adequate capital to fund product development efforts;
      difficulties with independent contractors;
      changing market or competitive product requirements;
      unanticipated engineering complexity;
      undetected errors or failures in software and hardware; and
      delays in the acceptance or shipment of products by customers.


We expect the average selling prices and associated gross margins of our
products to continue to decrease, which may reduce our revenues or gross
profits

    The markets for memory, fibre channel connectivity and disk storage
products have experienced erosion of average selling prices and gross margins
due to a number of factors, including competitive pricing pressures and rapid
technological change. The gross margins for our memory products is lower than
the gross margins for our fibre channel connectivity and disk storage
products. We may experience substantial period-to-period fluctuations in
future operating results due to the erosion of our average selling prices. We
anticipate that the average selling prices of our products will decrease in
the future in response to competitive pricing pressures, increased sales
discounts, new product introductions by us or our competitors or other
factors.  Therefore, to maintain our gross margins, we must develop and
introduce on a timely basis, new products and product enhancements and
continually reduce our product costs.  Our failure to do so would cause our

2
<PAGE>

revenue and gross margins to decline, which could materially adversely affect
our operating results and cause the price of our common stock to decline.


If our business improves rapidly, our operations may be negatively impacted
and we may be required to incur substantial costs to upgrade our
infrastructure. We may need additional working capital financing and we may
not be able to obtain such financing

    If our business expands rapidly, then a significant strain may be
placed on our resources.  Unless we manage such growth effectively, we may
make mistakes in operating our business such as inaccurate sales forecasting,
incorrect material planning or inaccurate financial reporting, which may
result in unanticipated fluctuations in our operating results.  Our
management team has had limited experience managing rapidly growing companies
on a public or private basis.  We may not be able to install adequate control
systems in an efficient and timely manner, and our current or planned
personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support
our future operations.


The loss of or failure to attract and retain key technical, sales and
marketing and managerial personnel could adversely affect our business

    Our success depends to a significant degree upon the performance and
continued service of engineers involved in the development of our memory and
fibre channel technology and technical support of products and customers.
Our success also depends to a significant degree upon the continued
contributions of our key management, sales and marketing and manufacturing
personnel.  Accordingly, our future success depends upon our ability to
attract, train and retain such technical, sales and marketing and managerial
personnel.  Except for an employment agreement with Joseph F. Kruy, our
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, we do not have employment
agreements with any of these personnel.  We do not maintain key person life
insurance on any of our personnel.  As we further develop our product line we
will need to increase the number of sales and marketing personnel as well as
technical staff members with experience in hardware and software development.
We are currently seeking to hire additional skilled experienced sales
personnel.  Competition for such highly skilled employees in our industry is
intense, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in recruiting or
retaining such personnel.  Our employees may leave and subsequently compete
against us.  The loss of key employees could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results or financial condition. We also believe
that our success depends to a significant extent on the ability of our key
personnel to operate effectively, both individually and as a group.


Insiders have and will continue to have substantial control over us and could
delay or prevent a change in our corporate control, which may negatively
affect your investment

    Our officers and directors control the vote of approximately 25.3% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock prior to the exercise of any
outstanding warrants or options or the issuance of shares issuable upon the
conversion of Series A Preferred stock held by them.  As a result, they may be
able to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our
stockholders, including the election of directors.

3
<PAGE>

Because we rely on a limited number of third party suppliers and
manufacturers, and failures by any of these third parties to provide key
components or to manufacture and assemble products of sufficient quality and
quantity could cause us to delay product shipments, which could result in
delay or lost revenues or customer dissatisfaction

    Advanced Printed Circuit Technology fabricates our printed circuit
boards, and various subcontractors, such as Circuit Technology, Inc., perform
assembly of our memory and host bus adapters boards.  We have no long-term
contracts with Advanced Printed Circuit Technology or Circuit Technology, Inc.
Also, key components that we use in our products may, from time to time, only
be available from single sources with which we do not have long-term contracts.
In particular, QLogic Corporation is currently the sole supplier of certain
components in certain of our host bus adapters.  The components we use for our
products are based on an emerging technology and may not be available with the
performance characteristics or in the quantities that we require.  Accordingly,
our major suppliers are not obligated to supply products to us for any specific
period, or in any specific quantity, except as may be provided in a particular
purchase order. Moreover, any inability to supply products due to a lack of
components or to redesign products to incorporate alternative components in a
timely manner could materially adversely affect our business, operating results
or financial condition.  If any of our third-party manufacturers experiences
delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in its
manufacturing operations, then product shipments to our customers could be
delayed, which would negatively impact our net revenues, competitive position
and reputation.

    We have no long-term integrated circuit device supply contracts and are
dependent on a small number of suppliers to supply integrated circuit
devices, which represent approximately 90% of our component costs. Our
dependence on a small number of suppliers and our limited number of long-term
supply contracts expose us to several risks, including the inability to
obtain an adequate supply of components, price increases, late deliveries and
poor component quality.  Micron Semiconductor Electronics and Samsung
Semiconductor currently supply a majority of the DRAM integrated circuit
devices used in our DRAM memory products. A disruption in or termination of
our supply relationship with any of these significant suppliers by natural
disaster or otherwise, or our inability to develop relationships with new
suppliers, if required, would cause delays, disruptions or reductions in
product shipments or require product redesigns which could damage
relationships with our customers, and would increase our costs and/or prices.



Our business would be harmed if we fail to effectively manage the
manufacture of our products.  Because we place orders with our suppliers and
manufacturers based on our forecasts of expected demand for our products, if
we inaccurately forecast demand, we may be unable to obtain adequate
manufacturing capacity or adequate quantities of components to meet our
customers' delivery requirements, or we may accumulate excess inventories.

    We may in the future need to find new suppliers and contract
manufacturers in order to increase our volumes or to reduce our costs.  We
may not be able to find suppliers or contract manufacturers that meet our

4
<PAGE>

needs, and even if we do, qualifying a new contract manufacturer and
commencing volume production is expensive and time consuming.  If we
are required or elect to change suppliers or contract manufacturers, we may
lose revenues, and our customer relationships may suffer.


We may be unable to maintain a steady supply of components

	The electronics industry has experienced in the past, and may
experience in the future, shortages in IC devices, including DRAM, and SRAM
memory. We have experienced and may continue to experience delays in
component deliveries and quality problems, which have caused and could in the
future cause delays in product shipments. In addition, we have required and
could in the future require the redesign of some of our products. In
addition, industry capacity has, from time to time, become constrained such
that some vendors, which supply components for our products have placed their
customers, ourselves included, on allocation. This means that while we may
have customer orders, we may not be able to obtain the materials that we need
to fill those orders in a timely manner.


Our products are complex and may contain undetected hardware, firmware or
software errors or may fail to achieve interoperability standards that could
lead to an increase in our costs, reduce our net revenues, or damage our
reputation

    In order to satisfy our customers, the solutions that we design require
several different products to work together in a seamless fashion.  Our
solutions may fail to achieve various interoperability standards necessary to
satisfy our customers.  Moreover, products as complex as ours frequently
contain undetected hardware, firmware or software errors when first
introduced or as new versions are released.  We have from time to time found
errors in existing products, and we may from time to time find errors in our
existing, new or enhanced products.  Failure to achieve interoperability
among products or the occurrence of hardware, firmware or software errors in
various products could adversely affect sales of our products, cause us to
incur significant warranty and repair costs, divert the attention of our
engineering personnel from our product development efforts, cause significant
customer relations problems and could result in product returns and loss of
revenue.


Steps taken to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to
protect our business, and if so, we may be unable to compete effectively

    We primarily rely on unpatented trade secrets to protect our
proprietary rights.  We seek to protect these secrets, in part, through
confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, and our customers and
potential customers.  If these agreements are breached, or if our trade
secrets become known to, or are independently developed by competitors, we
may not have adequate remedies for such breach.  We cannot be certain that
the steps we take to protect our intellectual property will adequately
protect our proprietary rights, that others will not independently develop or
otherwise acquire equivalent or superior technology or that we can maintain
such technology as trade secrets.  In addition, the laws of some of the
countries in which our products are or may be developed, manufactured or sold
may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same

5
<PAGE>

extent as the laws of the United States, or at all.  Our failure to protect
our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results or financial condition.


We may become involved in costly and lengthy patent infringement or
intellectual property litigation which could divert management attention,
cause us to incur significant costs and prevent us from selling our products

    We may receive communications from third parties alleging infringement of
patents or other intellectual property rights, and there is the chance that
third parties may assert infringement claims against us.  Any such claims,
with or without merit, could result in costly and time-consuming litigation
or cause product shipment delays that would adversely affect our business,
financial condition or operating results.  It is possible that holders of
patents or other intellectual property rights may assert rights that apply
broadly to our industry, and that such patent or other intellectual property
rights, if valid, may apply to our products or technology.  These or other
claims may require us to stop using the challenged intellectual property or
to enter into royalty or licensing agreements.  We cannot be certain that the
necessary licenses will be available or that they can be obtained on
commercially reasonable terms.  Our business, operating results or financial
condition could be materially adversely affected if we were to fail to obtain
such royalty or licensing agreements in a timely manner or on reasonable
terms.


Failure to comply with governmental regulations by our OEM customers or us
could reduce our sales or require design modifications

    Our products are subject to U.S. Department of Commerce and Federal
Communications Commission regulations as well as various standards
established by various state, local and foreign authorities.  Failure to
comply with existing or evolving U.S. or foreign governmental regulation or
to obtain timely domestic foreign regulatory approvals or certificates, could
materially harm our business by reducing our sales or requiring design
modifications to our products or the products of OEM customers.  U.S. export
laws also prohibit the export of our products to a number of countries deemed
by the United States to be hostile.  These restrictions may make foreign
competitors facing less stringent controls on their products more competitive
in the global market than we or our customers are.  The U.S. government may
not approve future export license requests.  In addition, the list of
products and countries for which export approval is required, and the
regulatory policies with respect thereto, could be revised.


Our quarterly operating results are volatile and may cause our stock price to
fluctuate and the price of our common stock could fall if quarterly results
are lower than investor expectations and you may lose all or part of your
investment

    Our revenues and operating results have varied on a quarterly basis in
the past and are likely to vary significantly from quarter to quarter in the
future.  The variations in our revenues and operating results are due to a
number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including among
others:

6
<PAGE>

      Changes in our operating expenses;
      Our ability to develop and market new products;
      The ability of our contract manufacturers and suppliers to
      produce and supply our products in a timely manner;
      The market acceptance of our new memory and fibre channel
      products;
      The timing of the introduction or enhancement of products by us,
      OEM and distribution channel customers, and competitors;
      The level of product and price competition;
      Our ability to expand our relationship with OEMs, distribution
      channel and end user customers;
      Activities of and acquisitions by our competitors;
      Changes in technology, industry standards or consumer preferences;
      Changes in the mix of products sold, as our fibre channel
      connectivity products typically have higher margins than our memory and
	disk array products;
      Personnel changes;
      Changes in customer budgeting cycles and the timing of their purchase
      decisions; and
      General economic conditions.

    Accordingly, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of
our operating results as an indication of future performance.  It is possible
that in some future periods our operating results will be below the
expectations of investors.  In this event, the price of our common stock will
likely decline.

    We generally do not have a significant backlog of unfilled orders.  As
a result, our revenues in a given quarter depend substantially on orders
booked in that quarter.  A decrease in the number of orders we receive is
likely to adversely and disproportionately affect our quarterly operating
results.  Our expense levels are partially based on our expectations of
future sales.  Therefore, our expenses may be disproportionately large as
compared to sales in a quarter with reduced orders.  As a result, we may be
unable to adjust spending in a timely manner to compensate for any unexpected
revenue shortfall.  Any shortfall in sales in relation to our quarterly
expectations or any delay of customer orders would likely have an immediate
and adverse impact on our business, quarterly operating results and financial
condition.


                            Risks Related to Our Industry


We are subject to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry and
continued deterioration of the current cycle could adversely affect our
business

	The semiconductor industry, including the memory markets in which we
compete, is highly cyclical and is characterized by constant and rapid
technological change, rapid product obsolescence and price erosion, evolving
standards, short product life cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply
and demand. The industry has experienced significant downturns in the past
and is currently experiencing a significant downturn that may get worse.
Industry downturns are often connected with, or in anticipation of, maturing
product cycles of both semiconductor companies' and their customers' products
and declines in general economic conditions. These downturns have been

7
<PAGE>

characterized by diminished product demand, production overcapacity, high
inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. The
continuation or worsening of the current downturn in the industry and any
future downturns could have a material adverse effect on our business and
operating results. Furthermore, any upturn in the semiconductor industry
could result in increased demand for, and possible shortages of, components
we use to manufacture and assemble our integrated circuits. Such shortages
could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.


Our operating results may suffer because of increasing competition in the
memory and fibre channel connectivity markets

    The market in which we compete is intensely competitive.  As a result,
we face a variety of significant challenges, including rapid technological
advances, price erosion, changing customer preferences and evolving industry
standards.  Our competitors continue to introduce products with improved
price/performance characteristics, and we will have to do the same to remain
competitive.  Increased competition could result in significant price
competition, reduced revenues, lower profit margins or loss of market share,
any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results and financial condition.  We cannot be certain that we will be able
to compete successfully against either current or potential competitors in
the future.

    Many of our current and potential competitors have substantially
greater financial, technical, marketing and distribution resources than we
have.  We face the threat of potential competition from new entrants into the
memory market, including large technology companies that may develop
or acquire differentiating technology and then apply their resources,
including established distribution channels and brand recognition, to obtain
significant market share.  It is also possible that we will face increased
competition due to mergers or consolidations of existing or potential
competitors.  Emerging companies attempting to obtain a share of the existing
market act as potential competition as well.


We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position because of
the intense competition in our industry

    We conduct business in an industry characterized by intense competition,
rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, declining average
sales prices and rapid product obsolescence. Our competitors include many
large domestic and international companies that have substantially greater
financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, broader
product lines, lower cost structures, greater brand recognition and longer-
standing relationships with customers and suppliers. As a result, our
competitors are able to respond better to new or emerging technologies or
standards and to changes in customer requirements. Our competitors are able
to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of
products, and may be able to deliver competitive products at a lower price.

    We expect to face competition from existing competitors and new and
emerging companies that may enter our existing or future markets with similar
or alternative products, which may be less costly or provide additional
features. In addition, some of our significant suppliers are also our
competitors, many of whom have the ability to manufacture competitive

8
<PAGE>

products at lower costs as a result of their higher levels of integration. We
also face competition from current and prospective customers that evaluate
our capabilities against the merits of manufacturing products internally.
Competition may arise due to the development of cooperative relationships
among our current and potential competitors or third parties to increase the
ability of their products to address the needs of our prospective customers.
Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among
competitors may emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share.

    We expect our competitors will continue to improve the performance of
their current products, reduce their prices and introduce new products that
may offer greater performance and improved pricing, any of which could cause
a decline in sales or loss of market acceptance of our products. In addition,
our competitors may develop enhancements to or future generations of
competitive products that may render our technology or products obsolete or
uncompetitive.


In our industry, technology and other standards change rapidly, and we may be
unable to keep pace with changes and could hinder our ability to compete
effectively

    The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing
technology, evolving industry standards and the frequent introduction of new
products and enhancements.  If we do not keep pace with these changes, we may
lose market share to our competitors and fail to meet our financial and
operational objectives.  Because many of our products are designed to work
with software produced by third parties, our operating results could be
adversely affected if such third parties delay introduction of new versions
of their software for which we have designed new products or if they make
unanticipated modifications to such software.  Our future success depends in
a large part on our ability to enhance our existing products and to introduce
new products on a timely basis to meet changes in customer preferences and
evolving industry standards.  We cannot be certain that we will be successful
in designing, supplying and marketing new products or product enhancements
that respond to such changes in a timely manner and achieve market
acceptance.  We also cannot be certain that we will be able to develop the
underlying core technologies necessary to create new products and
enhancements, or that we will be able to license the core technologies from
third parties.  Additionally, changes in technology and customer preferences
could potentially render our current products uncompetitive or obsolete.  If
we are unable, for technological or other reasons, to develop new products or
enhance existing products in a timely manner in response to technological and
market changes, our business, operating results and financial condition would
be materially adversely affected.





                  Risks Related to the Securities Markets

The application of the "penny stock rules" could adversely affect the market
price of our common stock

    On March 22, 2007, the last sales price of our common stock was $0.15.
Because the trading price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share

9
<PAGE>

and our common stock no longer trades on the Nasdaq National Market, our
common stock comes within the definition of a "penny stock."  The "penny
stock rules" impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and
accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or
annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 together with their spouse).
For transactions covered by these rules, broker-dealers must satisfy certain
additional administrative criteria in order to effectuate sales of our common
stock, including disclosure of the broker-dealer's compensation received for
such transaction, any compensation received by a person associated with the
broker-dealer for this transaction and disclosing certain information to the
investor in writing.  These additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers may
restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect
your ability to resell our common stock.  Among the requirements of
transacting in penny stock is that broker-dealers effecting transactions in
penny stock are required to deliver to the investors, a document containing
specific information about penny stock, and to receive a manually signed and
dated acknowledgement of receipt of such document from investors, prior to
effecting such transactions.  Such requirements may have the effect of making
your investment in our common stock less liquid because the rules will
decrease the number of potential investors and thereby reducing demand for
our stock.


The issuance of shares to SovCap Equity Partners, Arab Commerce Bank, and
others may cause significant dilution in the value of our common stock

    The issuance of shares of our common stock to SovCap Equity Partners and
Arab Commerce Bank will dilute the equity interest of existing stockholders
and could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.  As
of December 31, 2006, we had 4,085,390 shares of common stock reserved for
possible future issuances upon, among other things, the conversion of the
series 1 bridge financing note held by Arab Commerce Bank, the conversion
of Series A Preferred shares, and the exercise of outstanding options and
warrants.

    We may seek additional financing, which would result in the issuance of
additional shares of our capital stock and/or rights to acquire additional
shares of our capital stock.  Additional issuances of capital stock would
result in a reduction of current shareholders' percentage interest in Cambex.
If the exercise price of any outstanding options or warrants is lower than
the price per share of common stock at the time of the exercise, then the
price per share of common stock may decrease because the number of shares of
common stock outstanding would increase without a corresponding increase in
the dollar amount assigned to stockholders' equity.

    The addition of a substantial number of shares of common stock into the
market, including those issuable upon conversion of the Series A Preferred
shares, or by the registration of any other of our securities under the
Securities Act may significantly and negatively affect the prevailing market
price for our common stock.  Furthermore, future sales of shares of common
stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants may have
a depressive effect on the market price of the common stock, as these
warrants and options would be more likely to be exercised at a time when the
price of the common stock is in excess of the applicable exercise price.

10
<PAGE>

Our stock price is volatile and may drop unexpectedly, which could cause you
to lose all or part of your investment

    The stock market in general, and the stock prices of technology-based
companies in particular, have experienced extreme volatility that often has
been unrelated to the operating performance of any specific public company.


Changes in general economic conditions or developments in the data storage,
technology, and personal computer and workstation markets that affect
investor confidence could have a dramatic impact on the market price of our
common stock.  Also, changes in estimates of our earnings as well as any of
the factors described in this "Risk Factors" section could have a significant
impact on the market price of our common stock.  In the past, companies that
have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been the
subject of securities class action litigation.  We may be a target of such
litigation in the future.  If we become the subject of securities class
action litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
management's attention and resources and could seriously harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations.


We may engage in future acquisitions that dilute our stockholders' equity and
cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities

    We may pursue acquisitions that could provide new technologies or
products.  Future acquisitions may involve the use of significant amounts of
cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity or equity-linked securities,
the incurrence of debt, or amortization expenses related to goodwill and
other intangible assets.

      In addition, acquisitions involve numerous risks, including:

         difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies,
         products and personnel of the acquired company;
         the diversion of management's attention from other business
         concerns;
         risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited prior
         experience; and
         the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company.

    In the event that such an acquisition does occur and we are unable to
successfully integrate businesses, products, technologies or personnel that
we acquire, our business, operating results or financial condition could be
materially adversely affected.


If you invest in our common stock, you should not expect to receive a current
return because we do not pay, and have no foreseeable plans to pay cash
dividends on our common stock

	We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  We intend to
retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and expansion of our
business and for general corporate purposes.

11
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
