-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 FWm1HhiUrYEXz7OVA1PIfe/UcD4cdUBxaxsMZr3gtZEteXiZe8ZEjh6RHpPvoIL6
 qJm7NxzrwZEPjD+cCWp5tA==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000008598-04-000003.txt : 20040330
<SEC-HEADER>0000008598-04-000003.hdr.sgml : 20040330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20040330131023
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000008598-04-000003
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10KSB
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20031231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20040330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTO GRAPHICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008598
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				952105641
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10KSB
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-04431
		FILM NUMBER:		04699404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3201 TEMPLE AVE
		CITY:			POMONA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91768
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9095957204

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3201 TEMPLE AVENUE
		CITY:			POMONA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91768
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10KSB
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>ag2003form10ksb.txt
<DESCRIPTION>A-G FORM 10-KSB FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/2003.
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                              UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20549


                               FORM 10-KSB


(Mark One)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 - For the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2003.
or
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 - For the transition period from _________________
to _________________.


                     Commission file number   0-4431



                            AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
     (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter)

                                California
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                                95-2105641
                    (IRS Employer Identification No.)

                      3201 Temple Avenue, Pomona, CA
                (Address of principal executive offices)

                                  91768
                                (Zip Code)

                             (909) 595 - 7004
                        (Issuer's telephone number)


Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class    None.
Name of each exchange on which registered    None.

Securities registered under section 12(g) of the Act:

                               Common Stock
                             (Title of class)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes   X     No
    -----      -----
<PAGE>

Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405
of Regulation S-B is not contained in this form, and no disclosure will be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-KSB or any amendment to this Form 10-KSB. _______

State issuer's revenues for its most recent fiscal year.  $5,771,756

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant at March 25, 2004 was $739,000.

The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding at
March 30, 2004 was 5,525,586.

                   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
                       Except for exhibits, none.

Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format (Check one): Yes      No  X
                                                               ---     ---

Documents available from Auto-Graphics, Inc.

The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB and Code of Ethical Conduct may be
viewed and printed on the Company's website at http://www.auto-graphics.com
and click on the "company" hyperlink and then on the "Investor Relations"
hyperlink.  If you would like to receive a printed copy of the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-KSB and/or a copy of the Company's Code of Ethical
Conduct at no charge, please mail your request to Attention: Secretary, Auto-
Graphics, Inc., 3201 Temple Avenue, Pomona, California 91768, or send an e-
mail to del@auto-graphics.com with your return address or call Daniel E.
Luebben, the Secretary of the Company, at 1-800-776-6939 extension 1504.

<PAGE>

                                 PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

Auto-Graphics, Inc. and its subsidiary, A-G Canada Ltd., (the "Company")
provides software products and services used to create, manage, publish and
access information content via the Internet/Web.

Auto-Graphics Inc. (parent) provides products and services to clients in the
U.S.

A-G Canada Ltd. provides products and services to clients in Canada.

Revenue is primarily derived from a subscription or ASP (Application Service
Provider) model, which includes "turn-key" software and support as well as
outsourced Web "hosting" providing communications bandwidth, hardware, data
management and facilities management and personnel for customer Web sites and
content.  Revenue is also generated from direct sales, licensing and support
of software products and services.

The Company's products and services are presently sold primarily to
libraries, especially multi-type library consortia requiring systems to
create, manage, publish and access large bibliographic and holdings databases
used to implement resource-sharing initiatives (interlibrary locating and
borrowing of materials).  Recent product releases enhance or build on
existing technologies to provide a Web portal used by all types of libraries
to manage not only traditional bibliographic databases but adds the
functionality to manage local and third-party vendor databases and other Web
resources within a single concurrent or metasearch search interface.  (This
is also known within the industry as a "federated" search interface.)
Additionally, the Company offers a number of options for its products that
are library standards based.


Products and Services

The products and services offered by the Company in 2003 include the
following:

AGent(TM) is an Internet/Web-based software suite encompassing six distinct
modules offering libraries a broad and complete set of library management
solutions that can be customized/personalized down to the patron level.
AGent's modules include: portal, authentication, cataloging, resource-
sharing, library automation (formally VERSO(TM)) and statistics.  The AGent
Portal module is a metasearch single search module that allows libraries to
manage and search diverse bibliographic and full-text content through one
convenient user interface.  The AGent Authentication module enables users
(patrons and staff) to be identified and provided with a specific level of
service authorization according to customer specific definitions.  The AGent
Cataloging module allows libraries to select from a wide variety of
bibliographic content sources in a subscription service format.
Additionally, the AGent Cataloging module can offer authorized staff access
to Auto-Graphics' MARC editor, AGCat(TM).  Within the AGent Library
Automation module there are three specific sub-modules: circulation, serials,
and acquisitions.  These can be purchased and configured/implemented in whole
or in part creating an integrated local library automation system.  Inter-
library loan initiatives are supported in our AGent Resource-Sharing module
through the use of ISO 10160/61 compliant software, allowing libraries to
construct regional, statewide/province-wide systems.  The AGent Statistics
module provides the consortium or each library with a full range of metrics
that can be applied to a broad spectrum of reports that reflect system usage,
library usage, patron access, etc.

AGent Digital Content Management ("DCM") is a modular editorial, publishing
and management software system used to create, organize, maintain and manage
information databases in XML (eXtensible Markup Language).  The system can be
configured for a single user or a multi-user enterprise system.  Integrated
components include authenticated user access and control, data content
validation through the use of one or more Document Type Definition (DTD)
overlays, data authentication based on control and authority files, editorial
revision control and version control, complete record routing and approval
management, and DTD validation.  AGent DCM can include a Web page preview
feature used to validate electronic publishing compatibility.  When used in
conjunction with AGent this system provides a fully functioning Web
publishing system and, when integrated with AGent, provides a complete and
seamless enterprise-wide content development, control and Web publishing
system.  DCM is designed to work within the AGent umbrella of products to
provide a full spectrum of capabilities in the MARC and XML environments.

The Company has acquired, developed and owns a substantial bibliographic
database (including exclusive North American rights to the REMARC(TM)
database of over four million pre-1968 records) and also makes available
public agency databases including those offered by the United States Library
of Congress, National Library of Canada, British Library and many U.S. and
Canadian public and university libraries as a compendium of databases
containing over 30 million unique records.  The Company provides online
bibliographic records for use by its U.S. and Canadian library customers via
the Internet/Web through a product known as AGent MARCit(TM).


Applications

AGent has been installed in all of the individual libraries comprising our
consortium customers.  The Company has statewide contracts in six states and
one province in Canada.  Customers also include many regional library
organizations in several other states.  Some Company contracts employ only
physical union catalogs, some only virtual union catalogs and some employ
both types of catalogs.

The AGent library automation system has been installed in over 70 libraries
consisting of public, school, academic and special libraries to manage their
local collections and circulation.  All of the libraries utilize the ASP
services provided by the Company.  Many of the libraries migrated from older
legacy systems offered by the Company's competitors.  Other libraries did not
have any library automation until they installed AGent.  The unique approach
of ASP has provided a cost effective way for libraries to acquire a library
automation system without high front-end investments in server hardware.

The Company installed AGent at the Toronto Public Library ("TPL"), which has
the largest circulation of any library system in North America.  They use
AGent to search (approximately 66) third-party public access catalogs and
authenticate users allowing for the simultaneous searching of 66 or more
other reference databases licensed by or developed by TPL.  The Company was
also awarded contracts for AGent from the National Geographic Society, the
Food and Drug Administration, and Chaffey College.  Auto-Graphics negotiated
and finalized the first of our multi-tiered selling programs in the state of
New Jersey known as "JerseyClicks".  This program will offer the 1,000
school, public, academic and special libraries of New Jersey an opportunity
to significantly upgrade their software capability by implementing AGent
(Portal) at the local level.  Similar initiatives are also under review in
the other five statewide systems.  Additionally, the British Columbia
provincial-wide system known as "Outlook" has also endorsed and initiated a
similar program in Canada.  Smart Choices of British Columbia that consists
of two libraries have implemented AGent as a front-end replacement for their
local library catalogs.  In addition to utilizing AGent as a replacement for
their local catalogs, the libraries are also managing their complete offering
of reference databases via AGent.  This unique approach will allow the
library to move their electronic services beyond the walls of the library
that will make these services available to all patrons of the libraries from
their homes or businesses.


Product Development

Core software embraces industry standard data structures, such as XML, and
standards specific to the markets served, such as MARC, Z39.50, SIP2, NCIP
and ISO 10160/61 in the library community.  These protocols are industry
standards that provide for the efficient distribution of information to and
from disparate library systems and vendors.  The use of standards provides
the Company with the ability to allow the AGent to sit on top of other vendor
systems so that the product can be mixed and matched with existing library
systems that the individual library has determined can be replaced by AGent.

All new system development is being programmed to operate on Microsoft
platforms.  The Company is using N-tiered architecture to allow for customer
implementation flexibility.  Development is based on an architecture that
works on multiple computer servers and which provides system scalability, as
the customer's needs change.  Microsoft SQL Server provides the database
engine for the Company's software product families.


Marketing

The technology utilized and developed in the Company's products and services
is applicable to a diverse group of markets and customers.  Marketing
activities include public relations, advertising, display and presentation at
industry trade shows, targeted mailings, telemarketing and e-messaging
campaigns.

Products sold to the library market are generally sold by response to RFP's
(Requests for Proposals) and, more frequently than not, competitive bidding
managed by governmental purchasing departments.  The Company maintains a bids
and proposals department, which focuses on the identification of bidding
opportunities and subsequent generation of all documentation in response to
all proposal requests.  Price points for the Company's various
products/services are instrumental in determining the type of sales effort
deployed by the Company, and the Company strives to take into account the
available budgets of the procuring agencies and the competitive practices
found within the marketplace.

The Company's strategy for entering emerging new markets in the future is
focused on the Internet/Web "Portal" market and will utilize the new AGent
product to capitalize on this emerging market opportunity.  The Company's
strategy for its Internet-centric products and services includes the
development of new products and services in order to continually respond to
the evolving needs of its existing and potential customer base.  The Company
will also expand strategic relationships with other companies or independent
representatives who are already present or are otherwise knowledgeable about
these prospective customers/markets.

To be successful in these new products/services, customers and markets, the
Company will need to be able to create, finance, develop and implement new
marketing initiatives and capabilities designed to introduce and market its
Internet/Web line of products and services to prospective users who are not
already familiar with the Company.  The Company must compete successfully
with other companies, many of whom will be larger, more established, better
financed, more recognized and more experienced in the development,
introduction, marketing, sales and service of the same or similar products
and services to these targeted new customers/markets in a rapidly changing
technological and distribution environment.

Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to
launch, sustain and profit in the near or long-term from these new
products/services, customers and markets initiatives.  However, as the market
for managing and distributing information and knowledge continues to change,
the Company intends, as it has in the past, to be responsive to the changing
needs and requirements of customers as they evolve by offering new and
enhanced products and services representing advances in the information and
knowledge management industry.


Competition

The Company was an early entrant into the software and database publishing
business and industry.  Although the Company has been successful to date in
securing many of the awarded contracts involving the development and
implementation of Internet/Web based "online" bibliographic catalog and
interlibrary loan services systems for statewide, regional or other consortia
of libraries, increased emphasis on this products/services niche of the
library market can be expected to generate additional attention, capability
and effort by one or more of the Company's competitors in this now relatively
small niche of the library market.

Software sales of the Company's products, as well as complementary design,
development and processing services are highly competitive.  There are no
definitive market share statistics available, however, the market is sizable
and there are many companies attempting to establish a position in this
market.  Many competitors are smaller and local in character; however, many
are larger and national with greater financial and other resources than the
Company.  Purchase contracts are generally awarded according to the results
of pricing, technical capability, customer references and service
performance.

In seeking to expand its customers/markets, the Company can be expected to
face competition from existing and future competitors with substantially
greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution and other resources
than the Company and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly than the
Company can to new challenging opportunities, technologies, standards or
customer requirements.  The Company will compete with other large, well-known
software development and Internet/Web database platform companies that offer
a variety of software products.  Several large, well-known computer hardware
manufacturers have entered the Internet/Web solutions and outsourced
"hosting" business.  Increasing competition could result in pricing pressures
negatively impacting margins available to companies competing in this market
and could make it difficult or even impossible for the Company to gain
recognition and acceptance of its particular line of these products and
services.


Company Background

The Company was founded in 1950 and incorporated in 1960 in the State of
California.  Beginning in 1964, the Company was one of the pioneers in
computerized typesetting and database composition services for the library
and publishing industries.  Over the years, the Company has migrated its
products and services to the most current technology required to address
changing customer needs and requirements.  The Company started in print,
moved to microfilm/fiche, then to CD-ROM and now browser based Internet/Web
as the media of choice for its products/services.


Offices/Employees

The Company's main office is in Pomona, California, in the greater Los
Angeles area.  The Company's wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, A-G Canada,
Ltd., is located in Toronto, Canada.  Sales representatives are located in
California, Texas, Missouri, Oklahoma and Toronto.  The Company including its
subsidiary employs approximately 40 persons in all locations.  The Company
believes that relationships with its employees are good.


ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTIES

The Company leases its corporate office facility from a limited partnership
owned by a current and a former director/stockholder of the Company.  In
December 2002, a new five year lease (with one five year renewal option) was
negotiated and approved by the two independent members of the Company's Board
of Directors.  The Company further reduced its square footage occupied to
12,745 under the new lease.  The rental rate for the lease renewal is equal to
or less than the rental rates paid by three unaffiliated tenants in the same
building.  The Company also surveyed available office properties of similar
size and amenities in the Pomona and surrounding areas and the lease rental
rate is in the bottom quartile of the range of comparable properties.
Management believes that the reconfigured space will be sufficient for the
Company's current and foreseeable future needs.  The Company also has an annual
lease on a small sales and support office in Toronto, Canada for its wholly-
owned subsidiary, A-G Canada, Ltd. (See Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements).

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

None.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None.


<PAGE>
                                 PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


Stock quotations.

                                         2003
                    ------------------------------------------------
                             Bid                       Ask
                    ----------------------    ----------------------
Price Range           High          Low         High          Low
- ------------------  --------      --------    --------      --------

First Quarter       $  .370       $  .350     $  .750       $  .480
Second Quarter         .400          .370        .850          .600
Third Quarter          .400          .400        .850          .830
Fourth Quarter         .400          .310        .850          .600


                                         2002
                    ------------------------------------------------
                             Bid                       Ask
                    ----------------------    ----------------------
Price Range           High          Low         High          Low
- ------------------  --------      --------    --------      --------

First Quarter       $  .440       $  .300     $  .520       $  .400
Second Quarter         .400          .200        .500          .240
Third Quarter          .440          .230        .560          .300
Fourth Quarter         .450          .350       1.500          .480


Trading in the Company's Common Stock is reported on the electronic OTC
(Over- the-Counter) Bulletin Board under the symbol "AUGR" (Cusip Number
052725 108).  The stock quotations set forth above have been provided by Pink
Sheets LLC and represent the highest and lowest closing bid and asked prices
quoted by broker/dealers making a market in the Company's Common Stock in the
OTC market for the periods presented.  Prices quoted do not include retail
markup, markdown or commissions and may or may not reflect actual
transactions in shares of the Company's stock.

As of December 31, 2003, the number of holder accounts of record (including
depository and nominee or "street name") of the Company's Common Stock was
approximately 200.  The Company believes that the number of record and
beneficial owners of the Company's Common Stock is in excess of 450
stockholders.

The Company has never paid a cash dividend and there are no plans to do so in
the near future.

<PAGE>

                     EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
______________________________________________________________________________

                                                                 Number of
                                                                 securities
                                                                 remaining
                           Number of                             available
                           securities                            for future
                          to be issued        Weight-average      issuance
                        upon exercise of    exercise price of   under equity
                      outstanding options, outstanding options, compensation
  Plan category        warrants & rights    warrants & rights       plans
- --------------------  -------------------- -------------------- --------------

Equity compensation
  plans approved by
  security holders           354,900               $0.34            135,000

Equity compensation
  plans not approved
  by security holders             --                  --                 --
                      -------------------- -------------------- --------------
Total                        354,900               $0.34            135,000
                      ==================== ==================== ==============


<PAGE>
ITEM 6.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The Company maintains its accounting books and records in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The
preparation of the financial statements of the Company in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and sales and expenses during the reporting period.  These
estimates are based on information available as of the date of the financial
statements.  Actual results may materially differ from those estimated.  The
Company's critical accounting policies include the following:

      +  Capitalized software development costs

      +  Amortization of software development costs

      +  Revenue Recognition

The Company accounts for internally developed software in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 86, "Accounting for the
Costs of Computer Software to Be Sold, Leased or Otherwise Marketed." After
technical feasibility has been established, the Company capitalizes the
average cost per billable hour of its software development process including
payroll and payroll benefits, training and recruiting costs.  The Company
collects and records the programming labor hours invested in software
development projects.  Annually, the Company evaluates these accumulated
costs for recoverability against estimated future revenues and determines the
amount, which will be capitalized.  Of the annual software development
project costs eligible for capitalization, the Company generally capitalizes
about 60% and expenses the remainder.  To the extent that more development
costs are capitalized, the Company's net income will improve, and, to the
extent that more software development costs are expensed instead of
capitalized, the Company's net income will decline.  Because of the direct
effect on earnings, the Company endeavors to capitalize a relatively
consistent amount year-to-year to minimize the fluctuation in earnings.

The Company amortizes its software development costs in accordance with the
estimated economic life of the software, which generally is seven years.  The
Company's typical product lifecycle has been about 15 years, which was true
for its prior film/fiche product line, CD-ROM product line and current
Internet/Web product line, which has now been deployed for ten years and is
still growing.  To the extent the average actual useful life varies
significantly from the estimated useful life, amortization expense may be
understated or overstated.  Generally, amortization expense averages
approximately 16% of the revenue stream.

Revenue recognition policies vary according to the nature of the revenue.
The Company's primary revenue stream is outsourced web hosting services which
are sold on a subscription basis.  Generally, these large contract services
are billed in advance on an annual, semi-annual or quarterly basis.  Revenue
is then recognized monthly as services are rendered.  Revenues which have
been billed and payment collected in advance are booked as deferred revenue
until the services are provided and revenues earned.  For certain small
annual subscriptions, one-fourth of the annual revenue is recognized in the
quarter the annual subscription is billed and the balance is deferred and
recognized evenly over the next three quarters in accordance with SOP 97-2,
"Software Revenue Recognition," as amended by SOP 98-4 and 98-9.  Certain
contract job processing services are progress billed and revenues recognized
as the processing services are performed on a monthly basis.  Certain
software and hardware sales are billed when the product is shipped or access
rights are provided to the customer.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

Working capital improved by $1,295,000 to a negative $755,000 in 2003 up from
a negative $2,050,000 in 2002 due primarily to a substantial reduction in
current liabilities (excluding current portion of long-term debt) of
approximately $957,000 offset by an $89,000 increase in borrowings and the
replacement of the Company's short-term credit facility with long-term debt.
Profitability in terms of operating income tripled to $370,000 and EBITDA
cash flow (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization)
improved accordingly to approximately $1,578,000 in 2003 from $1,168,000 in
2002.  The Company replaced its credit facility in February 2004 with a new
facility that matures in May 2005 and is extendable to May 2006 subject to
meeting certain conditions (see below).  The Company's primary AGent(TM)
product is sold on an annual subscription basis with fees for services billed
to the customer and paid annually or quarterly in advance.  These cash
payments are received and booked to deferred revenue on the balance sheet to
be applied as the monthly sales revenues are earned and recognized on a pro-
rata basis.  As the actual cash is received, it is used to pay down the line
of credit or for working capital needs.  A growing percentage of sales
(currently over 65%) of the Company's sales revenues are now being paid
through customer advances without ever flowing through accounts receivable.
Therefore, the average accounts receivable balance is approximately one-third
of what it would otherwise historically be and there is a substantial
deferred revenue balance in current liabilities representing revenues to be
earned from future services to customers who have paid in advance.

At December 31, 2003, the Company's principal financial commitments, other
than its bank line of credit and equipment financing, involved the lease of
corporate facilities in Pomona, California and in Toronto, Canada.  Total
commitments over next four years total approximately $734,000.  (See Note 4
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 2. Properties herein).

The Company's principal use of cash for investing activities during 2003 and
2002 were directed primarily towards continuing development of the Company's
AGent(TM) and VERSO(TM) software and ASP (Application Service Provider)
services.  The amounts invested in capitalized software was $500,000 in 2003
and 2002, respectively.  The remainder of investing activities were to
acquire hardware and software used to expand and enhance online services to
the Company's current and prospective ASP customers.  Total capital
expenditures and investments were down $193,000 to $561,000 in 2003 from
$754,000 in 2002.  Major expenditures for 2002 include internal software
development of AGent(TM) and VERSO(TM) software, acquisition of Pigasus Wings
ISO interlibrary loan software and computer equipment.

2002 expenditures also included investments of approximately $35,000 in the
remaining common stock of the Company's majority-owned subsidiaries: Dataquad
and LibraryCard.  In December 2002, owning in excess of 90%, the Company
initiated a short-form statutory merger and bought out the remaining minority
shareholders.  On December 31, 2002, the Company merged Dataquad and
LibraryCard into the Company and assumed both subsidiary's assets, immaterial
liabilities and intercompany notes were cancelled by operation of law.  In
the course of the merger, the Company acquired both subsidiary's net
operating loss (NOL) tax carryforwards in the total amount of $2,411,000 and
$1,300,000 for federal and state taxes, respectively.  These NOL
carryforwards may be used to shelter the Company's U.S. taxable income
without limitation through 2022 for federal purposes and through 2010 for
state purposes.  At December 31, 2003, the Company had total available net
operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of $3,398,000,
$2,089,000 for state income tax purposes and $160,000 for foreign income tax
purposes.  These net operating loss carryforwards expire in 2022 for federal
taxes, 2010 for state and 2008 for foreign taxes.  The NOL carryforward for
California state tax purposes has been suspended for 2002 and 2003, meaning
that the Company will be unable to use its NOL carryforward for this period
and will therefore be liable for California state taxes.

The Company was in compliance with all of its financial loan covenants as of
December 31, 2003 under its previous bank credit agreement.  In October 2003,
the Company began negotiations with a new bank, Pacific Mercantile Bank, to
replace the Company's existing credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank.  The
new credit facility was concluded in February 2004 and is a revolving line of
credit with an initial commitment of $750,000 declining to $600,000 on April
1, 2004 and $500,000 on July 1, 2004 consistent with the Company's forecasted
declining requirements for financing.  The credit facility matures on May 1,
2005 and may be extended to May 1, 2006 under certain conditions.  Under FAS
No. 6, "Classification of Short-term Obligations Expected To Be Refinanced",
the line of credit is therefore reported as a long-term liability in the
Company's balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2003.  The interest
rate on the new credit facility is the Wall Street Journal bank prime rate
plus a 2.5% margin declining to a 1.5% margin under certain conditions.  The
credit facility is secured by all of the assets of the Company and its
subsidiary, A-G Canada Ltd. and requires that the Company maintain certain
minimum financial covenant ratios.  At December 31, 2003, the total borrowing
was $398,000 with $352,000 in additional credit availability under the new
credit facility.  (See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
Management believes that liquidity and capital resources should be adequate
to fund operations and expected reductions in bank debt in 2004.  Based on
the Company's 2004 Plan, management expects that the Company will have no
bank debt by December 31, 2004 and will only require occasional working
capital financing in the future.  The Company has no current plans to enter
the equity market to raise additional capital.

Off-Balance Sheet Financing

The Company has no so-called special purpose entities or off-balance sheet or
derivative financing of any kind.  All entities have been consolidated and
all material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

The Company's largest customer, the Texas Education Agency ("TEA") provided
13% and 23% of the Company's sales in 2003 and 2002, respectively.  In late
2003, TEA began a process of changing the way that the Company's services
were procured from a central purchase contract through TEA to direct purchase
by the schools using the Company's system.  The Company is in the process of
registering school districts and individual schools for the service.

The Company has refocused its resources on its core business of library
services.  The Company's strategy is to offer ASP (Application Service
Provider) services through outsourced web hosting to its library customers
sold on an annual subscription basis.  This is very attractive to our
customers because it eliminates the large upfront capital investment, and
ongoing technical management and technical staff requirements that the
library would otherwise require and also provides an affordable and
predictable monthly budget for the library.  With a core of highly competent
technical personnel, computer equipment and the Internet/Web, the Company can
offer an efficient and very cost effective solution for the library.  The
majority (now approximately 85%) of this subscription business also forms an
ongoing stream of recurring business each year under multiple year contracts.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2003 as Compared to 2002

Net sales decreased $892,000 or 13% from $6,664,000 in 2002 to $5,772,000 in
2003 due to lower sales from its TEA contract (see above) and planned
declining sales to publishing customers.  The Company is focusing on its core
library services and software businesses and not soliciting new publishing
customers.

Cost of sales decreased $500,000 in 2003 or 13% as a result of major cost
reductions in payroll and production costs in late 2002.  Gross margins were
unchanged at 42% in both 2003 and 2002 as the Company has continued to focus
on its core library ASP services business.  As the Company has transitioned
from labor intensive businesses to outsourced web hosting (ASP) businesses
much of the direct costs in cost of sales have been replaced largely by fixed
indirect period costs.  Therefore as revenues increase in the future from
these business lines, margins can be expected to increase rapidly also.

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $635,000 or 24% in
2003 from 2002.  In 2003, the Company began investing heavily in sales and
marketing staff in an effort to reverse the declining sales trends.  2002
selling, general & administrative expenses include nearly $1,000,000 in
litigation expenses successfully defending eight lawsuits filed by the
Company's former general counsel, Robert H. Bretz, following his dismissal.
On January 16, 2003, the Company reached a settlement with Mr. Bretz
dismissing all of the lawsuits involving the parties for a cash payment of
$15,000.  The dispute cost the Company the equivalent of $0.22 per share,
severely impacted profitability and liquidity for the year ended December 31,
2002.  (See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

Income from operations nearly tripled from $127,000 in 2002 to an operating
income of $370,000 in 2003 due again to substantial cost reduction measures
taken in late 2001 and 2002 and relief from the above referenced litigation.

Interest expense was $72,000 in 2003 down $25,000 from $97,000 in 2002 due to
lower average borrowings.

Other income primarily reflects bad debt recovery.

Warrant expense in 2002 reflects a non-cash charge to earnings for the
issuance of 621,252 warrants for a corresponding number of shares of
"restricted" Common Stock as reimbursement for the premium paid by two
directors to Robert H. Bretz, the Company's former counsel, in settlement of
all lawsuits between the parties.  (See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements).

Provision for taxes based on income in 2003 and 2002 reflect minimum state
tax payments and the effect of federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards (See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).

Minority interests in the losses of subsidiaries of $77,000 in 2002 reflects
a non-cash charge of $120,000 recognized by two majority-owned subsidiaries
in connection with the repurchase of stock in return for cancellation of a
trust note offset by minority interests in the losses incurred by those
subsidiaries of $43,000.  The subsidiaries were merged with the Company on
December 31, 2002.

Net income was $305,000 compared to a net loss of $228,000 in 2002, an
improvement (turnaround) of $533,000.  Both basic and diluted "earnings" per
share were $0.06 and $0.05, respectively in 2003, compared to a basic and
diluted "loss" per share of $0.05 in 2002, an improvement of $0.11 and $0.10
in earnings per share, respectively.


2004 Operating Plan

The Company expects to be profitable in 2004 and EBITDA cash flow coupled
with lower capital expenditures should continue to reduce bank debt and
improve liquidity.  The Company primarily serves state and local fiscal
government entities and is seeing some improvement in sales prospects in 2004
with the economic recovery apparently underway.  The Company is investing
heavily in sales and marketing to drive sales growth through better customer
coverage and more focused marketing programs.  The 2004 capital budget is
expected to decline about 10% from 2003 on reduced spending for internally
developed software and on computer equipment due to performance improvements
and declining prices.  The Company plans no further business or product
acquisitions for the foreseeable future and will instead focus on building
its core library business.


Information Relating To Forward-Looking Statements

This Report includes forward-looking statements which reflect the Company's
current views with respect to future events and financial performance.  The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.


Impact of Inflation

General price inflation is not anticipated to have a material effect on the
Company's business in the near future.  Historical dollar accounting does not
reflect changing costs of operations, the future cost of expansion and the
changing purchasing power of the dollar.  Should more than moderate inflation
occur in the future, it can be expected to impact the Company in an adverse
manner, as prices cannot be adjusted quickly due to the contractual nature of
a substantial amount of the Company's business, while costs of personnel,
materials and other purchases tend to escalate more rapidly.


Foreign Exchange

The functional and reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar,
while the functional and reporting currency for A-G Canada Ltd., the
Company's wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary, is the Canadian dollar.
Accordingly, the Company is exposed to foreign currency translation gains or
losses as the relationship between the Canadian dollar and United States
dollar fluctuates.  Increases in the value of the Canadian dollar against the
U.S. dollar will result in foreign exchange transaction gains and decreases
in the value of the Canadian dollar will result in foreign exchange
transaction losses.  Other than for sales by A-G Canada in Canada, all other
transactions involving the Company are generally denominated in U.S. dollars.
(See Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).


Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 "Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements" of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.


<PAGE>

ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements covered by Report of the
Independent Auditors.

                                                                    Page
                                                                  Reference
                                                                  ---------
Independent Auditor's Report                                         17

Consolidated Balance Sheets
  at December 31, 2003 and 2002                                      18

Consolidated Statements of Operations
  and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for
  the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002                         19

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
  for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002                     20

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
  the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002                         21

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                           23



<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT


The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Auto-Graphics, Inc.
Pomona, California

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Auto-
Graphics, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
(loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended.  These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America.  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.  We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Auto-
Graphics, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.


Singer Lewak Greenbaum & Goldstein LLP


Los Angeles, California
February 27, 2004



<PAGE>

                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                         CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                         December 31, 2003 and 2002

            ASSETS                                     2003           2002
- ---------------------------------------------      -----------    -----------
Current assets:
  Cash                                             $    10,534    $    31,877
  Accounts receivable, less
    allowance for doubtful
    accounts ($25,000 in
    2003 and 2002)                                     389,201        332,167
  Unbilled production costs                              4,674          3,398
  Other current assets                                 180,476        175,145
                                                   -----------     ----------
Total current assets                                   584,885        542,587

Software, net (Note 1)                               2,946,315      3,186,465
Equipment, furniture and
  leasehold improvements, net (Note 1)                 513,267        910,947
Other assets (Note 1)                                  119,869         79,446
                                                   -----------    -----------
                                                   $ 4,164,336    $ 4,719,445
                                                   ===========    ===========
     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                 $    83,652    $   254,569
  Deferred revenue                                     842,183      1,381,746
  Accrued payroll and related liabilities              245,673        236,798
  Other accrued liabilities                            139,711        385,227
  Current portion of long-term debt (Note 2)            28,977        334,694
                                                   -----------    -----------
Total current liabilities                            1,340,196      2,593,034

  Long-term debt, less current portion (Note 2)        418,425         33,614
  Deferred taxes (Note 3)                               68,000         73,000
                                                   -----------    -----------
Total liabilities                                    1,826,621      2,699,648

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4)

Stockholders' equity:
  Common Stock, 12,000,000 shares
    authorized, 5,525,586 shares
    issued and outstanding in 2003
    and 4,904,234 shares in 2002 (Note 6)            4,274,625      4,262,169
  Accumulated deficit                               (1,937,187)    (2,242,649)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income(loss)             277            277
                                                   -----------    -----------
Total stockholders' equity                           2,337,715      2,019,797
                                                   -----------    -----------
                                                   $ 4,164,336    $ 4,719,445
                                                   ===========    ===========

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
<PAGE>

                          AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                    AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
                 Years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

                                   2003            2002
                                ----------      ----------
Net sales (See Note 1)          $5,771,756      $6,663,626

Costs and expenses
  Cost of sales                  3,350,356       3,850,200
  Selling, general
  and administrative             2,051,770       2,686,673
                                ----------      ----------
                                 5,402,126       6,536,873
                                ----------      ----------
Income from operations             369,630         126,753

  Interest expense, net             71,785          97,196
  Warrant expense                       --         215,000
  Other income                      (9,617)        (38,486)
                                ----------      ----------
Income (loss) before taxes
  and minority interests           307,462        (146,957)

  Income tax expense (Note 3)        2,000           4,000
  Minority interest in loss
    of subsidiaries (Note 6)            --          77,278
                                ----------      ----------
Net income (loss)                  305,462        (228,235)

  Foreign currency translation
    adjustments (Note 1)                --              --
                                ----------      ----------
Total comprehensive
  income (loss)                 $  305,462      $ (228,235)
                                ==========      ==========
Earnings per share (Note 1):
  Basic income (loss)
    per share                   $      .06      $     (.05)

    Weighted average shares
      outstanding                5,525,586       4,996,979

  Diluted income (loss)
    per share                   $      .05      $     (.05)

    Weighted average shares
      outstanding                5,880,486       4,996,979


               See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                            AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                  Years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

                                                       Retained
                      Common Stock                     Earnings/       Other         Total
                                            Notes    (Accumulated  Comprehensive Stockholders'
                   Shares      Amount     Receivable    Deficit)   Income/(Loss)    Equity
                  ---------  ----------   ----------  -----------  ------------- -------------
<S>               <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>
Balances at
  December
   31, 2001       4,997,234  $4,201,755   $  (75,364) $(2,014,414) $     (10,981) $   2,100,996

Net Income                           --           --     (228,235)           --       (228,235)
Note Receivable                      --       (2,136)          --            --         (2,136)
Adjustment to
  Minority
  Interests, net         --    (160,500)          --           --            --       (160,500)
Subsidiary Stock
  Purchase               --      83,414           --           --            --         83,414
Issuance of
  Warrants               --     215,000           --           --            --        215,000
Retire Notes
  Receivable-Stk    (93,000)    (77,500)      77,500           --            --             --
Foreign Currency
  Translation
  Adjustments                        --           --           --        11,258         11,258
                  ---------  ----------   ----------  -----------  ------------- -------------
Balances at
  December
   31, 2002       4,904,234  $4,262,169  $        --  $(2,242,649) $        277   $  2,019,797

Net Income                           --           --      305,462            --        305,462
Issuance of
  Stock             621,352      12,456           --           --            --         12,456
                  ---------  ----------   ----------  -----------  ------------- -------------
Balances at
  December
   31, 2003       5,525,586  $4,274,625  $        --  $(1,937,187) $        277   $  2,337,715
                  =========  ==========   ==========  ===========  ============= =============

      See Note 6 "Stockholder's Equity in Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                     Years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

                                                2003               2002
                                            -----------        -----------
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income/(loss)                         $   305,462        $  (228,235)
  Adjustments to reconcile net
    income/(loss) to net cash provided
    by (used in) operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization         1,198,719          1,294,847
        Deferred taxes                           (5,000)           (78,600)
        Allowance for doubtful accounts              --           (120,000)
        Warrant Expense                              --            215,000
        Minority Interest                            --             77,278
    Changes in operating assets
      and liabilities
        Accounts receivable                     (57,034)           473,333
        Unbilled production costs                (1,276)             7,615
        Other current assets                     (5,329)            31,389
        Other assets                            (40,423)            12,206
        Accounts payable                       (170,918)          (105,104)
        Deferred revenue                       (539,562)           133,758
        Accrued payroll and
          related liabilities                     8,876           (227,015)
        Other accrued liabilities              (245,517)           182,296
                                            -----------         ----------
Net cash provided by
  operating activities                      $   447,998         $1,668,768

Cash flows from
  investing activities (Note 1):
  Capital expenditures                          (60,891)          (119,502)
  Capitalized software development             (500,000)          (500,000)
  Purchase of Pigasus Software                       --           (100,000)
  Investment in Dataquad, Inc.                       --            (33,046)
  Investment in The LibraryCard, Inc.                --             (1,605)
                                            -----------         ----------
Net cash used in investing activities       $  (560,891)        $ (754,153)


<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                     Years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

                                                2003                2002
                                            -----------         -----------
Cash flows from
  financing activities (Note 1):
  Borrowings under long-term debt           $    88,694         $    58,850
  Payments under long-term debt                      --            (993,923)
  Borrowings(payments) under
    cash surrender value of
    life insurance, net                              --              (4,457)
  Payments under capital lease                       --             (77,047)
  Payments under equipment financing             (9,600)                 --
  Proceeds from
    stock/warrant sales, net                     12,456              (2,136)
                                             ----------         -----------
Net cash provided by (used in)
    financing activities                         91,550          (1,018,713)
                                            -----------         -----------
Net decrease in cash                            (21,343)           (104,098)

  Foreign currency effect on cash                    --              13,946
  Cash at beginning of year                      31,877             122,029
                                            -----------         -----------
Cash at end of year                         $    10,534         $    31,877
                                            ===========         ===========
             See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


<PAGE>
                              AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          December 31, 2003 and 2002


1.      Summary of significant accounting policies.

Auto-Graphics, Inc. (the "Company"), a California corporation incorporated in
1960, including its wholly-owned A-G Canada, Ltd. subsidiary provide software
products and services used to create, manage, publish and access information
content via the Internet/Web.

A-G Canada, a Canadian corporation formed in 1997, provides software products
and services to customers in the library community in Canada.

Dataquad, a Nevada corporation, was formed in 1999 to market XML based
content management software products and services, which enable enterprises
to create, organize, maintain, manage and deliver database and other
information dynamically within and outside the enterprise including over the
Internet/Web.  Dataquad was merged into Auto-Graphics, Inc. on December 31,
2002.

LibraryCard, a Nevada corporation, was formed in 1999 to develop and operate
an Internet/Web site offering access to library type information services to
consumers in their homes, schools, libraries and offices.  LibraryCard was
merged into Auto-Graphics, Inc. on December 31, 2002.


Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Auto-Graphics,
Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries.  All material
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.


Revenue Recognition

Sales are recognized as services are rendered monthly or quarterly on a
subscription basis and when goods (software, equipment, databases, etc.) are
shipped to customers in accordance with the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountant's Statement of Position ("SOP") 97-2, "Software Revenue
Recognition", as amended by SOP 98-4 and SOP 98-9.  Revenues for which
payment has been received are treated as deferred revenue until services are
provided and revenues have been earned.


Use of Estimates

The preparation of the financial statements of the Company in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and sales and expenses during the reporting period.  These
estimates are based on information available as of the date of the financial
statements.  Actual results may materially differ from those estimated.


Foreign Currency Translation

The functional and reporting currency for operations located in Canada is the
Canadian dollar.  Consequently, assets and liabilities must be translated
into U.S. dollars using standard exchange rates and the effects of the
foreign currency translation adjustments are accumulated as other
comprehensive income (loss) and included as a component of stockholders'
equity.  All other Company transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars.


Credit Risk

The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and
generally requires cash deposits in advance of providing services.  The
Company maintains reserves for potential losses from uncollectible accounts,
and actual losses in 2003 and 2002 were in line with management's
expectations.  The Company may be exposed to credit risk for trade
receivables beyond the reserves established by the Company for this purpose.
The Company places its cash with high credit quality financial institutions
and, at times, the balance may be in excess of the FDIC limit.  (See Segment
Reporting below).


Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of
each class of financial instruments for which it is practical to estimate
that value:

     Cash and Receivables.  The carrying amounts approximate
     fair value because of the short-term maturity of these
     instruments.

     Long-term Debt.  The carrying amounts approximates fair
     value, since the interest rate on the debt is at least
     equal to the bank's prime rate which the Company believes
     is reflective of rates it could currently obtain.


Unbilled Production Costs

Costs associated with work in process (WIP) include: labor, materials, and
operations overhead (excluding selling, general and administrative expenses)
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and are removed from
WIP inventory on a standard cost basis.




Software

Software is recorded at historical cost.  Software at December 31, 2003 and
2002, consist of the following:
                                                2003              2002
                                            -----------       -----------
        Computer software and database      $ 7,192,374       $ 6,715,602
        Less accumulated amortization         4,246,059         3,529,137
                                            -----------       -----------
                                            $ 2,946,315       $ 3,186,465
                                            ===========       ===========

Asset Purchase of Pigasus Wings Software: In July 2002, the Company acquired
Wings ISO (International Standards Organization) compliant interlibrary loan
software product for $100,000.  The Wings software has provided ISO compliant
functionality for the Company's AGent(TM) interlibrary loan software module.

Asset Retirements: Fully amortized software having an original cost of
$804,000 was retired in 2002 and none in 2003.

Amortization: Certain costs incurred related to the development and purchase
of computer software are capitalized and amortized in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86, "Accounting for the Costs
of Computer Software to Be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed".  In
accordance with EITF (Emerging Issues Task Force) Issue 00-02, "Accounting
for Web Site Development Costs", certain marketing costs incurred to develop
Web sites are expensed as incurred.  Amortization is based on the straight-
line method and commences in the first full year of product availability and
continues over the product's estimated useful life.  The estimated useful
life for computer software and databases is seven years based on its
estimated economic life.  Unamortized computer software was approximately
$2,946,000 in 2003 and $3,186,000 in 2002.  Amortization of computer software
was approximately $937,000 in 2003 and $807,000 in 2002.

Equipment, Furniture and Leasehold Improvements

Equipment, furniture and leasehold improvements are recorded at historical
cost.  Equipment, furniture and leasehold improvements at December 31, 2003
and 2002, consist of the following:

                                                2003             2002
                                            ------------     ------------
        Equipment                           $  1,409,118     $  1,415,346
        Furniture and fixtures                   320,695          323,665
        Leasehold improvements                    25,508           25,508
                                            ------------     ------------
                                               1,755,321        1,764,519
        Less accumulated depreciation          1,242,054          853,572
                                            ------------     ------------
                                            $    513,267     $    910,947
                                            ============     ============

Asset Retirements: Fully depreciated fixed assets having an original cost of
$93,316 and $1,344,000 were retired in 2003 and 2002, respectively.

Useful Lives: The following estimated useful lives are generally observed for
the respective asset categories:

        Equipment              - 5 years
        Furniture and fixtures - 5 to 10 years
        Leasehold improvements - The lease term

Depreciation: Depreciation is based on the straight-line method over the
estimated useful life of the asset and commences in the year the asset is
placed in and/or is available for service or sale using the half-year
convention method.  Depreciation expense was $262,000 in 2003 and $362,002 in
2002.


Impairment Of Long-lived Assets

The Company periodically assesses the recoverability of the carrying amounts
of long-lived assets.  An impairment loss is recognized when expected
undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the
asset.  The impairment loss is the difference by which the carrying amount of
the asset exceeds its fair value.


Other Assets

In February 2003, A-G Canada, Ltd. a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary of the
Company, pledged a Guaranteed Income Certificate in the amount of $45,000 to
Toronto Dominion Bank as collateral for a four-year Letter of Credit.


Earnings Per Share

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share"
requires the presentation of basic earnings per share and diluted earnings
per share.  Basic and diluted earnings per share computations presented by
the Company conform to the standard and are based on the weighted average
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the year.  In 2003 and
2002, the Company's Board of Directors granted stock options for 255,000 and
125,000 shares of the Company's restricted Common Stock to two directors and
certain employees.  For the year ended December 31, 2003 and 2002, there were
common stock equivalents (warrants, options or convertible securities)
outstanding representing 354,900 and 876,252 shares, respectively.

The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the
basic and diluted earnings per share computations:

Year ended December 31, 2003            Net Income    Shares    Per Share
- -------------------------------------   ----------   ---------  ----------
  Basic earnings per share
    Net income available to
      common stockholders               $  305,462   5,525,586  $     0.06
  Effect of dilutive securities
    Stock options                               --     354,900
                                        ----------   ---------  ----------
  Diluted earnings per share
    Net income available to
      common stockholders               $  305,462   5,880,486  $     0.05
                                        ==========   =========  ==========

Year ended December 31, 2002            Net Income    Shares    Per Share
- -------------------------------------   ----------   ---------  ----------
  Basic earnings per share
    Net income available to
      common stockholders               $ (228,235)  4,996,979  $    (0.05)
  Effect of dilutive securities
    Warrants                                    --          --
    Stock options                               --          --
                                        ----------   ---------  ----------
  Diluted earnings per share
    Net income available to
      common stockholders               $ (228,235)  4,996,979  $    (0.05)
                                        ==========   =========  ==========

Warrants and stock options have been excluded in 2002, since they are anti-
dilutive.


Comprehensive Income

The Company accounts for comprehensive income in accordance with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 130, "Reporting Comprehensive Income",
which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income
and its components in interim and annual financial statements.  Comprehensive
income is defined as the change in the equity (net assets) of an entity
during a period from transactions, events and circumstances excluding all
transactions involving investments by or distributions to the owners.


Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information

The Company paid net interest in the amount of $71,785 in 2003 and $97,196 in
2002.  The Company paid income taxes in the amount of $26,480 in 2003 and
$8,347 in 2002.

Segment Reporting

As of the year ended December 31, 1998, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an
Enterprise and Related Information".  The Statement establishes standards for
reporting information about operating segments in interim and annual
financial statements.

The following table summarizes sales based on the location of the customers
and assets based on the location of the asset presented on the basis of
generally accepted accounting principles for the years ended December 31,
2003 and 2002:

                                      2003             2002
                                  ------------     ------------
    Geographic areas
    Net sales
        United States             $  4,805,377     $  5,741,889
        Foreign - Canada/Other         966,379          921,737

    Long-lived assets, net
        United States                3,456,221        4,084,694
        Foreign - Canada                 3,361           12,718


The Company's largest customer, the Texas Education Agency ("TEA") provided
13% and 23% of the Company's sales in 2003 and 2002, respectively.  In late
2003, TEA began a process of changing the way that the Company's services
were procured from a central purchase contract through TEA to direct purchase
by the schools using the Company's system.  The Company is in the process of
registering school districts and individual schools for the service.  There
was three accounts which represent more than 10% of the Company's accounts
receivable as of December 31, 2003.  All accounts representing over 10% of
total accounts receivable were subsequently collected.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

In May, 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 150, Accounting for Certain
Financial Instruments with Characteristics of both Liabilities and Equity.
The Statement establishes standards for how an issuer classifies and measures
certain financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and
equity.  The Company believes the adoption of this Statement will have no
material impact on its financial statements.


2.      Long-term Debt.

Long-term debt at December 31, 2003 and 2002 consists of the following:

                                                 2003             2002
                                             ------------     -----------
Revolving line of credit with
  interest at the bank prime
  rate plus five percentage points
  (9.0% at December 31, 2003)
  secured by all of the assets of
  the Company and its subsidiaries           $    398,150     $   309,458

Note payable for computer equipment
  with monthly payments of $2,612 in
  2003 and $2,452 in 2002 (See Note 5
  "Related Party Transactions")                    49,252          58,850
                                             ------------     -----------
Total debt                                        447,402         368,308

  Less current portion                             28,977         334,694
                                             ------------     -----------
Long-term portion                            $    418,425     $    33,614
                                             ============     ===========

The Company was in compliance with all of its financial loan covenants as of
December 31, 2003 under its "previous" bank credit agreement.  The interest
rate on the "previous" line of credit is the bank prime rate plus 5% margin
(9.0%) at December 31, 2003.  In October 2003, the Company began negotiations
with a new bank, Pacific Mercantile Bank, to replace the Company's existing
credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank.  The new credit facility was concluded
in February 2004 and is a revolving line of credit with an initial commitment
of $750,000 declining to $600,000 on April 1, 2004 and $500,000 on July 1,
2004 consistent with the Company's forecasted declining requirements for
financing.  The credit facility matures on May 1, 2005 and may be extended to
May 1, 2006 under certain conditions.  Under FAS No. 6, "Classification of
Short-term Obligations Expected To Be Refinanced", the line of credit is
therefore reported as a long-term liability in the Company's balance sheet
for the year ended December 31, 2003.  The interest rate on the new credit
facility is the Wall Street Journal bank prime rate plus a 2.5% margin
declining to a 1.5% margin under certain conditions.  The credit facility is
secured by all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiary, A-G Canada
Ltd. and requires that the Company maintain certain minimum financial
covenant ratios.  At December 31, 2003, the total borrowing was $398,000 with
$352,000 in additional credit availability under the new credit facility.


3.      Taxes Based on Income.

The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes.
Deferred income taxes are recognized based on the differences between
financial statement and income tax valuations of assets and liabilities using
applicable tax rates for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse.  Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax asset amounts to the amount expected to be realized.  The
provision for income taxes represents the tax payable (or benefit) for the
period plus the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the
year.

The provision/(benefit) for taxes based on income is composed of the
following for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002:

                                         2003             2002
                                     ------------     ------------
Current taxes based on income
                  Federal            $         --     $     (1,000)
                  State                     2,000           34,000
                  Foreign                      --               --
                                     ------------     ------------
                                            2,000           33,000

Deferred taxes based on income
                  Federal                      --          (49,000)
                  State                        --          (15,000)
                  Foreign                      --           35,000
                                     ------------     ------------
                                               --         ( 29,000)
                                     ------------     ------------
                                     $      2,000     $      4,000
                                     ============     ============

A reconciliation of the provision/(benefit) for taxes based on income follows
for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002:

                                         2003             2002
                                     ------------     ------------
Statutory U.S. Federal income tax    $     71,000     $     28,000
Adjustments for foreign tax rates           3,000           (5,000)
Change in valuation allowance            (209,000)         148,000
State tax, net of Federal benefit          12,000            5,000
Benefit of prior NOL carryforward              --               --
Other                                     125,000         (172,000)
                                     ------------     ------------
                                     $      2,000     $      4,000
                                     ============     ============

The statutory U.S. Federal income tax rate was 34% in 2003 and 2002.   The
deferred tax assets and liabilities are composed of the following at December
31, 2003 and 2002:

                                         2003             2002
                                     ------------     ------------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Tax over book amortization and
    depreciation                     $    471,000     $    232,000

Deferred tax assets:
  Net operating loss                    1,348.000        1,308,000
  Bad debts/accrued vacation/other         60,000           65,000
                                     ------------     ------------
  Total deferred tax assets             1,408,000        1,373,000

  Valuation allowance                    (945,000)      (1,154,000)
                                     ------------     ------------
Net deferred tax assets                   463,000          219,000
                                     ------------     ------------
Net deferred tax liability           $      8,000     $     13,000
                                     ============     ============

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future
tax consequences of events that have been reported in the Company's financial
statements or tax returns.  The valuation allowance at December 31, 2003 and
2002 reflects an unrecognized U.S. and foreign tax loss carryforward.  At
December 31, 2003, the Company had available net operating loss carryforwards
for federal income tax purposes of $3,398,000, $2,089,000 for state income
tax purposes and $160,000 for foreign income tax purposes.  These net
operating loss carryforwards expire in 2022 for federal taxes, 2010 for state
and 2008 for foreign taxes.


4.      Commitments and Contingencies.

The Company incurred total facilities and equipment lease and rental expense
of approximately $219,000 in 2003 and $265,000 in 2002.  The Company is
obligated under certain non-cancelable operating leases for office facilities
and equipment expiring in 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007.

Approximate future minimum lease commitments as of December 31, 2003 are as
follows:

                       Years ended               Operating
                       December 31,               Leases
                       ------------             ----------
                           2004                 $  215,000
                           2005                    173,000
                           2006                    173,000
                           2007                    173,000
                                                ----------
      Total minimum lease payments              $  734,000
                                                ==========

From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings incidental to
its normal business activities.  Management does not believe that the outcome
of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company's
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.


5.      Related Party Transactions.

The Company leases its corporate office facility from a limited partnership
owned by a current and a former director/stockholder of the Company.  In
December 2002, a new five year lease (with one five year renewal option) was
negotiated and approved by the two independent members of the Company's Board
of Directors.  The Company further reduced its square footage occupied to
12,745 under the new lease.  The rental rate for the lease renewal is equal
to or less than the rental rates paid by three unaffiliated tenants in the
same building.  The Company also surveyed available office properties of
similar size and amenities in the Pomona and surrounding areas and the lease
rental rate is in the bottom quartile of the range of comparable properties.
Management believes that the reconfigured space will be sufficient for the
Company's current and foreseeable future needs.  The Company also has an
annual lease on a small sales and support office in Toronto, Canada for its
wholly-owned subsidiary, A-G Canada, Ltd.

James R. Yarter, a shareholder, has been a director of the Company since June
2001 and was paid $15,000 and $23,500 in director fees for the Company and
its subsidiaries in 2003 and 2002, respectively.  Mr. Yarter also serves as a
sales and marketing consultant to the Company and was paid $30,000 annually
for consulting services rendered to the Company in 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

Thomas J. Dudley, a shareholder, has been a director of the Company since
July 2002 and was paid $17,510 and $8,755 in director fees in 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

In July 2002, the Company exercised its right of first refusal and acquired
1,919,400 shares of common stock in each of its majority-owned subsidiaries,
Dataquad, Inc. and LibraryCard, Inc. from a major investor for a payment of
approximately $31,000 bringing the Company's ownership to 6,609,400 (85.8%)
in each subsidiary.

In December 2002, the Company paid approximately $4,000 to acquire shares in
Dataquad, Inc. and LibraryCard, Inc. owned by Corey M. Patick and Paul
Shepherd, shareholders in the Company, and Paul R. Cope, an officer and
shareholder in the Company.

In December 2003, Donald A. Scurti, a shareholder, provided financing to the
Company of approximately $51,000 on a 21 month note to purchase computer
equipment.


6.      Stockholders' Equity.

Warrants

On May 9, 2001 the Company terminated the services of its long-time outside
counsel, Robert H. Bretz.  Mr. Bretz was also a director and shareholder of
the Company.  Following his termination, Mr. Bretz began to file multiple
lawsuits (a total of eight) against the Company, its current and former
officers, directors and counsel.  Through December 31, 2002, the Company had
spent over $1,100,000 successfully defending these lawsuits, but anticipated
spending another $500,000 in defending these existing cases through trial and
believed that Mr. Bretz would continue to file similar lawsuits.  On January
16, 2003 the Company settled the existing lawsuits with Mr. Bretz dismissing
all of the lawsuits, including his lawsuit to recover approximately $65,000
for previously billed services to the Company, in return for a payment of
$15,000.  The settlement entailed the purchase of stock owned by Mr. Bretz at
a price in excess of the then current fair market value of the underlying
common stock.  Two directors paid Mr. Bretz $0.85 per share for 414,168
shares or a total of approximately $352,000 even though the market price was
approximately $0.30.  Therefore, the two directors paid a premium of $0.55
per share over the fair market value of $0.30 per share or approximately
$228,000.  Since the Company could not legally repurchase the stock under the
California Corporations Code and the settlement was clearly in the best
interests of the Company and would avoid substantial future legal fees and
costs, the Company reimbursed the two directors for the premium they paid to
Mr. Bretz in the form of warrants to purchase additional shares of the
Company's "restricted" Common Stock.  The Company engaged an independent
appraiser to establish a fair market value for the large block of shares,
which fair market value was determined to be $0.30 per share.  Based on the
premium paid by the directors of approximately $228,000 and an exercise price
of $0.01 each per warrant and share, the directors were entitled to a total
of 814,000 warrants/shares.  However, the directors accepted a total of
621,252 warrants to purchase an equal number of additional shares of the
Company's "restricted" Common Stock representing a discount of approximately
24%.  All of the 621,252 warrants were exercised and 621,252 shares were
issued in 2003.  As permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123 (and No. 148), "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation", the Company
will continue to account for employee stock options (and warrants) using the
"intrinsic method" under Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees", and related interpretations.  The
result was a non-cash charge to earnings of $215,000 in 2002.  The
transaction has been reviewed by the Company's general counsel and approved
by the sole independent director, Thomas J. Dudley.

2002 Qualified and Non-qualified Stock Option Plan

The Company adopted a qualified and non-qualified stock option plan following
approval by its shareholders at its 2001 annual shareholder's meeting held on
February 27, 2002.  The plan consists of 490,000 shares with approximately
350,000 qualified shares reserved for employees and 140,000 non-qualified
shares reserved for directors.  On May 3, 2002, the Company's Board of
Directors granted stock options for 220,000 shares of the Company's
restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.30, reflecting the market
price on the date of the grant, to an outside director (60,000 shares) and
employees (160,000 shares).  On July 17, 2002, the Company's Board of
Directors granted non-qualified stock options for 35,000 shares of the
Company's restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.325, reflecting
the market price on the date of the grant, to its outside directors.  On June
18, 2003, the Board of Directors granted stock options for 125,000 shares of
the Company's restricted Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.40,
reflecting the market price on the date of the grant, to its outside
directors (30,000 shares) and employees (95,000 shares).  As of December 31,
2003, there were 125,000 non-qualified options and 230,000 qualified options
outstanding for a total of 355,000 options and 15,000 non-qualified options
and 120,000 qualified options for a total of 135,000 options available for
future grant.  Under the plan, the stock option price per share for options
granted is determined by the Board of Directors and is based on the market
price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant.  The stock options
vest over four years and no option can be exercised later than ten years from
the date it was granted.

As permitted by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock Based Compensation", the Company has continued to
account for employee stock options under Accounting Principles Board Opinion
No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees", and related
interpretations.  As a result of this election, the Company does not
recognize compensation expense for its stock option plans since the exercise
price of the options granted equals the fair value of the stock on the date
of grant.  Had the Company determined compensation cost based on the fair
value for its fully vested stock options at grant date, under SFAS 123, the
Company's net income and earning per share would have been reduced to the pro
forma amounts indicated below:

                                            2003               2002
                                       --------------     --------------
     Net income (loss):
        As reported                    $      305,462     $     (228,765)
        Pro forma                             299,035           (228,765)
     Earnings (loss) per share:
        As reported:
            Basic                                0.06              (0.05)
            Diluted                              0.05              (0.05)
        Pro forma:
            Basic                                0.05              (0.05)
            Diluted                              0.05              (0.05)


The fair value for these options was estimated at the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions used for grants in 2003 and 2002:

                                            2003               2002
                                       --------------     --------------

     Expected life                       Five Years         Five Years
     Risk-free interest rate                1.6%                3.6%
     Expected volatility                     30%                 30%
     Dividend yield                           0%                  0%
     Fair value of options
       granted at fair market price       $0.12               $0.10

All options granted in 2003 and 2002 were at the fair market price.


Transactions involving stock options are summarized as follows:

                                          Number of    Weighted Average
                                           Shares       Exercise Price
                                          ---------    ----------------

     Balance at December 31, 2001                --    $      0.00

       Granted during 2002                  255,000           0.30
                                          ---------    -----------
     Balance at December 31, 2002           255,000    $      0.30

       Granted during 2003                  125,000           0.40

       Exercised during 2003              (     100)          0.30

       Forfeited during 2003              (  25,000)          0.37
                                          ---------    -----------
     Balance at December 31, 2003           354,900    $      0.34
                                          =========    ===========

Additional information with respect to the outstanding options as of
December 31, 2003 is as follows:

                        Options Outstanding          Options Exercisable
                 ---------------------------------  --------------------
                              Average    Weighted
                             Remaining    Average                Average
Option Exercise  Number of  Contractual  Exercise   Number of   Exercise
  Price Range     Shares     Life(Yrs.)    Price      Shares     Price
- ---------------  ---------  -----------  ---------  ---------  ---------
 $0.30 to 0.399    244,900      8.49     $    0.30     76,250  $    0.30
 $0.40 to 0.499    110,000      9.51          0.40         --         --
                 ---------  -----------  ---------  ---------  ---------
                   354,900      8.81          0.34     76,250       0.30
                 =========                          =========

1997 Non-qualified Stock Option Plan

The Company adopted a 1997 Non-qualified Stock Option Plan effective December
31, 1997.  The Plan consists of 300,000 shares of the Company's authorized
but unissued Common Stock for shares have been reserved for possible future
grants under the Plan.  The plan is a non-qualified plan covering only senior
executives and related persons.  As of December 31, 2003 and 2002, there were
no outstanding grants of options under the Plan and no grants are currently
planned.


Dataquad and LibraryCard Merger with Auto-Graphics

In July 2002, the Company exercised its right of first refusal and acquired
1,919,400 shares of common stock in each of its majority-owned subsidiaries,
Dataquad, Inc. and LibraryCard, Inc. from a major investor bringing the
Company's ownership to 6,609,400 (85.8%) in each subsidiary.

When the subsidiaries were originally formed, 700,000 shares each of Dataquad
and LibraryCard common stock was reserved for use in a future stock option
and purchase plan for the subsidiaries.  In June 2000, the subsidiaries
issued the shares to a trustee (Corey M. Patick) secured by a note.  As a
result of the issuance, the Company's interest in the subsidiaries was
diluted which resulted in a reduction in Stockholders' Equity in the amount
of $104,769.  In January 2001, Robert S. Cope replaced Mr. Patick as trustee
for the trust shares.  Under the trust agreement, the subsidiaries had the
right and, in November 2002, exercised that right to repurchase the stock (at
the original sales price) in return for cancellation of the trust note.  The
effect of the repurchase was a non-cash charge to earnings of $120,000
reflected as Minority Interest in income (loss) of subsidiaries and a net
decrease in Stockholder's Equity of $160,500.

In December 2002, the Company paid approximately $4,000 to acquire shares in
Dataquad, Inc. and LibraryCard, Inc. owned by Corey M. Patick and Paul
Shepherd, shareholders in the Company, and Paul R. Cope, an officer and
shareholder in the Company, bringing the Company's ownership to 100% in both
subsidiaries.  On December 31, 2002, the Company executed a short form merger
and merged the assets and immaterial liabilities into the Company and
cancelled the intercompany notes between the Company and two subsidiaries.


7.      401(k) Plan.

The Company sponsors a defined contribution plan qualified under Section
401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code for the benefit of its U.S. based
employees.  All full time employees are eligible to participate.  The Company
pays the immaterial administrative expenses of the plan.  Annually, the
Company may, at its sole discretion, award an amount as a match against
employee contributions to the 401(k) plan.  The Company contribution was
approximately $13,000 in 2003 and $9,000 in 2002.



ITEM 8. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.


ITEM 8A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

As of December 31, 2003, an evaluation was performed, under the supervision
and with the participation of the President and Chief Financial Officer, of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures.  Based on that evaluation, the President and Chief Financial
Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of December 31, 2003.  No significant changes in internal controls or in
other factors have occurred that could significantly affect controls
subsequent to December 31, 2003.

<PAGE>

                                 PART III


ITEM 9. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT; COMPLIANCE WITH
        SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

The following table sets forth the names and ages of, and the positions and
offices within the Company held by, certain directors and officers of the
Company at December 31, 2003:

      Name           Age                          Position
- ------------------  -----     ----------------------------------------------
Robert S. Cope        68      Chairman of the Board, Director and President.
                              Has served in these capacities for more than
                              ten years.

Thomas J. Dudley      72      Director, Chairman of the Audit Committee.
                              Dr. Thomas J, Dudley, Ph.D. was elected to
                              the Board in July, 2002.  Dr. Dudley is the
                              Distinguished Professor of Decision and
                              Information Systems at Pepperdine University
                              in Los Angeles, CA. and the founder of the
                              Pepperdine Executive Management Program.
                              Also a former director for Space Labs
                              Medical, Inc. for 10 years.  Dr. Dudley is
                              also the founder and a principal of Thomas J.
                              Dudley & Associates, a firm providing
                              management consulting services since 1968.

James R. Yarter       66      Director.  Has served as a director for more
                              than two years. During the past five years, Mr.
                              Yarter has served as President and CEO of Block
                              Medical, US Medical, and Gish Biomedical, Inc.
                              and as a member of the board of directors of
                              Avant Medical and Group 3 Inc.

Paul R. Cope          48      Chief Technology Officer.  Has served in this
                              and other capacities for more than ten years.

Albert A. Flores      38      Vice President, Library Sales and Marketing.
                              Has served in this and other capacities for
                              more than ten years.

Juergen A. Jung       53      Vice President, Operations.  Has served in this
                              capacity for more than ten years.

Daniel E. Luebben     55      Chief Financial Officer and Secretary.
                              Has served in these and similar capacities for
                              more than ten years.

Directors serve until their successors are elected at the annual meeting of
stockholders.  All executive officers serve at the discretion of the
Company's Board of Directors.


<PAGE>

ITEM 10.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

A definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("Commission") pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after
the close of the Company's most recent calendar year, and, accordingly,
information for Item 11 is incorporated by reference from said definitive
Proxy Statement.  The information from the Proxy Statement is included under
the caption "Executive Compensation".


ITEM 11.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

A definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("Commission") pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after
the close of the Company's most recent calendar year, and, accordingly,
information for Item 12 and information for Compliance with Section 16(a) of
the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference from said definitive Proxy
Statement.  The information from the Proxy Statement is included under the
captions "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,"
"Nominees Proposed by the Board of Directors" and "Compliance With Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act".


ITEM 12.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

A definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("Commission") pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after
the close of the Company's most recent calendar year, and, accordingly,
information for Item 13 is incorporated by reference from said definitive
Proxy Statement.  The information from the Proxy Statement is included under
the caption "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions".



<PAGE>

                                  PART IV

ITEM 13. EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

         (a)   Financial statements and financial statement schedules and
               exhibits:

               (1)   Financial Statements: See Item 8. "Financial
                     Statements".

               (2)   All schedules are omitted since the required
                     information is not present or not present in
                     amounts sufficient to require submission of the
                     schedule, or because the information required is
                     included in the financial statements, including
                     the notes thereto.

               (3)   Exhibits:

                     3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Auto-Graphics, Inc.,
                     as amended (incorporated by reference as filed with
                     the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to Item 14(a) in the
                     registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                     fiscal year ended December 31, 1989), as amended by
                     within additional Exhibit 3.1 filing of the amendment
                     to the Articles covering 3-for-1 stock split
                     implemented February 28, 2000.

                     3.2 Bylaws, as amended (incorporated by reference as
                     filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.2 to Item 14(a) in the
                     registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                     year ended December 31, 1989).

                     10.9 Agreement by, between and among Auto-Graphics,
                     Inc. and Douglas K. and Ruth T. Bisch executed
                     February 15, 1995 (incorporated by reference as
                     filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.9 to Item 14(a) in
                     the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                     fiscal year ended December 31, 1994).

                     10.10 Asset Purchase Agreement between A-G Canada,
                     Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Auto-Graphics,
                     Inc. and ISM Information Systems Management Manitoba
                     Corporation, a subsidiary of IBM Canada, Ltd. dated
                     June 30, 1997 incorporated by reference as filed with
                     the SEC in the registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
                     10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 1997).

                     10.25 1997 Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan dated
                     December 31, 1997 (incorporated by reference as filed
                     with the SEC as Exhibit 10.25 to Item 14(a) in the
                     registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                     year ended December 31, 1998).

                     10.49 Eric Jung agreement (salary protection following
                     change of control) dated October 22, 1999.

                     10.50 Maxcess Library Systems, Inc. Asset Purchase
                     Agreement dated January 2, 2001.

                     10.56 Settlement Agreement between Auto-Graphics, Inc.
                     and Pigasus, Inc. dated August 21, 2002.

                     10.57 2002 Stock Option Plan.

                     10.62 Business Loan Agreement between Auto-Graphics,
                     Inc. and A-G Canada Ltd. and Pacific Mercantile Bank
                     dated February 13, 2004.

                     10.63 Promissory Note between Auto-Graphics, Inc. and
                     A-G Canada Ltd. and Pacific Mercantile Bank dated
                     February 13, 2004.

                     10.64 Commercial Security Agreement between
                     Auto-Graphics, Inc. and Pacific Mercantile Bank
                     dated February 13, 2004.

                     10.65 Commercial Security Agreement between A-G
                     Canada Ltd. and Pacific Mercantile Bank dated
                     February 13, 2004.


                     99.10 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer

                     99.20 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer

                     99.30 Code of Ethics

      (b)    None.

      (c)    The following document is filed herewith for information
             purposes, but is not part of this Annual Report, except as
             otherwise indicated: None.

      (d)    None.

<PAGE>

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table shows the fees paid or accrued by the Company for the
audit and other services provided by Singer Lewak Greenbaum and Goldstein,
LLP for 2003 and 2002:

                                                  2003           2002
                                              -----------    -----------
  Audit and Review Fees                       $    58,275    $    37,500
  Audit-Related Fees - Consulting Services          2,387             --
  Tax Fees                                             --             --
  All Other Fees                                       --             --
                                              -----------    -----------
    Total                                     $    60,662    $    37,500
                                              ===========    ===========

The Company's Audit Committee has considered the amount of Audit-Related Fees
for consulting on accounting matters to be immaterial.



<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                 Form 10-K

                                SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed  on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                          (Registrant)


Date:   March 30, 2004                 By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
      ------------------               --------------------------------------
                                       Robert S. Cope, Director and President

        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated.


Date:   March 30, 2004                 By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
      ------------------               --------------------------------------
                                       Robert S. Cope, Director and President


Date:   March 30, 2004                 By: /s/ Daniel E. Luebben
      ------------------               --------------------------------------
                                       Daniel E. Luebben,
                                       Chief Financial Officer and Secretary


Date:   March 30, 2004                 By: /s/ Thomas J. Dudley
      ------------------               --------------------------------------
                                       Thomas J. Dudley, Director


Date:   March 30, 2004                 By: /s/ James R. Yarter
      ------------------               --------------------------------------
                                       James R. Yarter, Director




<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                 Form 10-K

                               CERTIFICATIONS


I, Robert S, Cope, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Auto-Graphics, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
this registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this annual report is being
prepared;

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure control and procedures based on our evaluation as of the
Evaluation Date;




<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                 Form 10-K

                               CERTIFICATIONS


5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls;
and

6. In this annual report whether or not there were significant changes in
internal controls the registrant's other certifying officers and I have
indicated or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any
corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses.



      Date:  March 30, 2004           /s/ Robert S. Cope
            ----------------          -----------------------------------
                                      Robert S. Cope
                                      Chairman of the Board and President




<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                 Form 10-K

                               CERTIFICATIONS


I, Daniel E. Luebben, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Auto-Graphics, Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
this registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this annual report is being
prepared;

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

c) presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure control and procedures based on our evaluation as of the
Evaluation Date;




<PAGE>
                             AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC.
                                 Form 10-K

                               CERTIFICATIONS


5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls;
and

6. In this annual report whether or not there were significant changes in
internal controls the registrant's other certifying officers and I have
indicated or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
controls subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any
corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses.



      Date:  March 30, 2004           /s/ Daniel E. Luebben
            ----------------          -------------------------------------
                                      Daniel E. Luebben
                                      Chief Financial Officer and Secretary



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.906 CERT
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ceosox906certification.txt
<DESCRIPTION>A-G SOX SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION BY THE CEO
<TEXT>



                                EXHIBIT 1



                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
            SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE
                          AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I,
Robert S. Cope, as President of Auto-Graphics, Inc. (the "Company"), hereby
certify that to my knowledge:

         (1) the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended
December 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.




Date:  March 30, 2004                   By:  /s/ Robert S. Cope
     ------------------                 ------------------------------
                                        Robert S. Cope, President




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.906 CERT
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>cfosox906certification.txt
<DESCRIPTION>A-G SOX SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION BY THE CFO
<TEXT>



                               EXHIBIT 2



                         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
            SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE
                          AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I,
Daniel E. Luebben, as Chief Financial Officer of Auto-Graphics, Inc.
(the "Company"), hereby certify that to my knowledge:

         (1) the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the period ended
December 31, 2003 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
the date hereof (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

         (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company.




Date:  March 30, 2004                   By:  /s/ Daniel E. Luebben
     ------------------                 ---------------------------------
                                        Daniel E. Luebben
                                        Chief Financial Officer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99
<SEQUENCE>5
<FILENAME>agcodeofethicalconduct.txt
<DESCRIPTION>A-G CODE OF ETHICAL CONDUCT
<TEXT>
                          Auto-Graphics, Inc.
                        Code of Ethical Conduct


In my role as Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") or Chief Financial Officer
("CFO") of Auto-Graphics, Inc., I recognize that the CEO or CFO hold an
important and elevated role in corporate governance.  I am uniquely capable
and empowered to ensure that shareholders' interests are appropriately
balanced, protected and preserved. Accordingly, this Code provides principles
to which the CEO and CFO are expected to adhere and advocate. The Code
embodies rules regarding individual and peer responsibilities, as well as,
responsibilities to the company, the public and shareholders.

I certify to you that I adhere to and advocate the following principles and
responsibilities governing my professional and ethical conduct.

To the best of my knowledge and ability:

1. I act with honesty and integrity avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of
interest in personal and professional relationships.

2. I provide constituents with information that is accurate, complete,
objective, relevant, timely and understandable.

3. I comply with rules and regulations of federal, state, provincial and
local governments, and other appropriate private and public regulatory
agencies.

4. I act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence,
without misrepresenting material facts or allowing my independent judgment to
be subordinated.

5. I respect the confidentiality of information acquired in the course of my
work except when authorized or otherwise legally obligated to disclose.
Confidential information acquired in the course of my work is not used for
personal advantage.

6. I share knowledge and maintain skills important and relevant to my
constituents' needs.

7. I proactively promote ethical behavior as a responsible partner among
peers in my work environment and community.

8. I achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and resources
employed or entrusted to me.

____________________________________________
(Signature)
(Title)

Source: Financial Executives International.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-1
<SEQUENCE>6
<FILENAME>pmbbusinessloanagreement.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PMB BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT DATED 2/13/2004(EXHIBIT 10.62)
<TEXT>
                         BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT            Exhibit 10.62


Borrower: AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC      Lender: Pacific Mercantile Bank
           (TIN: 95-2105641)
A-G CANADA LTD.                     Newport Beach Financial Center
3201 TEMPLE AVE                     450 Newport Center Drive, Suite 100
POMONA, CA 91768                    Newport Beach, CA 92660


THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT dated February 13, 2004, is made and executed
between AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A - G CANADA LTD. ("Borrower") and Pacific
Mercantile Bank ("Lender") on the following terms and conditions. Borrower
has received prior commercial loans from Lender or has applied to Lender for
a commercial loan or loans or other financial accommodations, including those
which may be described on any exhibit or schedule attached to this Agreement
("Loan"). Borrower understands and agrees that: (A) in granting, renewing, or
extending any Loan, Lender is relying upon Borrower's representations,
warranties, and agreements as set forth in this Agreement; (B) the granting,
renewing, or extending of any Loan by Lender at all times shall be subject to
Lender's sole judgment and discretion; and (C) all such Loans shall be and
remain subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

TERM. This Agreement shall be effective as of February 13, 2004, and shall
continue in full force and effect until such time as all of Borrower's Loans
in favor of Lender have been paid in full, including principal, interest,
costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, and other fees and charges, or until May 1,
2005.

ADVANCE AUTHORITY. The following persons currently are authorized to request
advances and authorize payments under the line of credit until Lender
receives from Borrower, at Lender's address shown above, written notice of
revocation of their authority: ROBERT S COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO-
GRAPHICS, INC; ROBERT S. COPE, PRESIDENT/CHAIRMAN OF A-G CANADA LTD; DANIEL
E. LUEBBEN, CFO/SECRETARY of AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC; PAUL R. COPE, CTO of AUTO-
GRAPHICS, INC; DANIEL E. LUEBBEN, CFO/SECRETARY of A-G CANADA LTD; and PAUL
R. COPE, CTO of A-G CANADA LTD.

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EACH ADVANCE. Lender's obligation to make the initial
Advance and each subsequent Advance under this Agreement shall be subject to
the fulfillment to Lender's satisfaction of all of the conditions set forth
in this Agreement and in the Related Documents.

Loan Documents. Borrower shall provide to Lender the following documents for
the Loan: (1) the Note; (2) Security Agreements granting to Lender security
interests in the Collateral; (3) financing statements and all other documents
perfecting Lender's Security Interests; (4) evidence of insurance as required
below; (5) together with all such Related Documents as Lender may require for
the Loan; all in form and substance satisfactory to Lender and Lender's
counsel.

Borrower's Authorization. Borrower shall have provided in form and substance
satisfactory to Lender properly certified resolutions, duly authorizing the
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note and the Related Documents.
In addition, Borrower shall have provided such other resolutions,
authorizations, documents and instruments as Lender or its counsel, may
require.

Payment of Fees and Expenses. Borrower shall have paid to Lender all fees,
charges, and other expenses which are then due and payable as specified in
this Agreement or any Related Document.

Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties set forth
in this Agreement, in the Related Documents, and in any document or
certificate delivered to Lender under this Agreement are true and correct.

No Event of Default. There shall not exist at the time of any Advance a
condition which would constitute an Event of Default under this Agreement or
under any Related Document.

MULTIPLE BORROWERS. This Agreement has been executed by multiple obligors who
are referred to in this Agreement individually, collectively and
interchangeably as "Borrower." Unless specifically stated to the contrary,
the word "Borrower" as used in this Agreement, including without limitation
all representations, warranties and covenants, shall include all Borrowers.
Borrower understands and agrees that, with or without notice to any one
Borrower, Lender may (A) make one or more additional secured or unsecured
loans or otherwise extend additional credit with respect to any other
Borrower; (B) with respect to any other Borrower alter, compromise, renew,
extend, accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the time for
payment or other terms of any indebtedness, including increases and decreases
of the rate of interest on the indebtedness; (C) exchange, enforce, waive,
subordinate, fail or decide not to perfect, and release any security, with or
without the substitution of new collateral; (D) release, substitute, agree
not to sue, or deal with any one or more of Borrower's or any other
Borrower's sureties, endorsers, or other guarantors on any terms or in any
manner Lender may choose; (E) determine how, when and what application of
payments and credits shall be made on any indebtedness; (F) apply such
security and direct the order or manner of sale of any Collateral, including
without limitation, any non-judicial sale permitted by the terms of the
controlling security agreement or deed of trust, as Lender in its discretion
may determine; (G) sell, transfer, assign or grant participations in all or
any part of the Loan; (H) exercise or refrain from exercising any rights
against Borrower or others, or otherwise act or refrain from acting; (I)
settle or compromise any indebtedness; and (J) subordinate the payment of all
or any part of any of Borrower's indebtedness to Lender to the payment of any
liabilities which may be due Lender or others.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Borrower represents and warrants to Lender,
as of the date of this Agreement, as of the date of each disbursement of loan
proceeds, as of the date of any renewal, extension or modification of any
Loan, and at all times any Indebtedness exists:

Organization. AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC is a corporation for profit which is, and
at all times shall be, duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under and by virtue of the laws of the State of California. AUTO - GRAPHICS,
INC is duly authorized to transact business in all other states in which AUTO
- - GRAPHICS, INC is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings,
governmental licenses and approvals for each state in which AUTO - GRAPHICS,
INC is doing business. Specifically, AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC is, and at all
times shall be, duly qualified as a foreign corporation in all states in
which the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its
business or financial condition. AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC has the full power and
authority to own its properties and to transact the business in which it is
presently engaged or presently proposes to engage. AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC
maintains its principal office at 3201 TEMPLE AVE, POMONA, CA 91768. Unless
AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC has designated otherwise in writing, this is the
principal office at which AUTO -GRAPHICS, INC keeps its books and records
including its records concerning the Collateral. AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC will
notify Lender prior to any change in the location of AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC's
state of organization or any change in AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC's name. AUTO -
GRAPHICS, INC shall do all things necessary to preserve and to keep in full
force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and shall comply with
all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and decrees of any
governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court applicable to AUTO-
GRAPHICS, INC and AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC's business activities. A - G CANADA LTD.
is a corporation for profit which is, and at all times shall be, duly
organized, validly existing, and in good standing under and by virtue of the
laws of  A - G CANADA LTD.'s province of incorporation. A - G CANADA LTD. is
duly authorized to transact business in the provinces in which A - G CANADA
LTD. Is doing business, having obtained all necessary filings, governmental
licenses and approvals for each province in which A-G CANADA LTD is doing
business. Specifically, A - G CANADA LTD. is, and at all times shall be, duly
qualified as a foreign corporation in all provinces in which the failure to
so qualify would have a material adverse effect on its business or financial
condition. A - G CANADA LTD. has the full power and authority to own its
properties and to transact the business in which it is presently engaged or
presently proposes to engage. A-G CANADA LTD. maintains its principal office
at 3201 TEMPLE AVE, POMONA, CA 91768. Unless A -G CANADA LTD. has designated
otherwise in writing, this is the principal office at which A - G CANADA LTD.
keeps its books and records including its records concerning the Collateral.
A - G CANADA LTD. will notify Lender prior to any change in the location of A
- - G CANADA LTD.'s province of organization or any change in A - G CANADA
LTD.'s name. A - G CANADA LTD. shall do all things necessary to preserve and
to keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and privileges, and
shall comply with all regulations, rules, ordinances, statutes, orders and
decrees of any governmental or quasi-governmental authority or court
applicable to A - G CANADA LTD. and A - G CANADA LTD. 's business activities.

Assumed Business Names. Borrower has filed or recorded all documents or
filings required by law relating to all assumed business names used by
Borrower. Excluding the name of Borrower, the following is a complete list of
all assumed business names under which Borrower does business: None.

Authorization. Borrower's execution, delivery, and performance of this
Agreement and all the Related Documents have been duly authorized by all
necessary action by Borrower and do not conflict with, result in a violation
of, or constitute a default under (1) any provision of Auto-Graphics, Inc. or
A - G CANADA LTD.'s articles of incorporation or organization, or bylaws, or
any agreement or other instrument binding upon Borrower or (2) any law,
governmental regulation, court decree, or order applicable to Borrower or to
Borrower's properties.

Financial Information. Each of Borrower's financial statements supplied to
Lender truly and completely disclosed Borrower's financial condition as of
the date of the statement, and there has been no material adverse change in
Borrower's financial condition subsequent to the date of the most recent
financial statement supplied to Lender. Borrower has no material contingent
obligations except as disclosed in such financial statements.

Legal Effect. This Agreement constitutes, and any instrument or agreement
Borrower is required to give under this Agreement when delivered will
constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Borrower enforceable
against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.

Properties. Except as contemplated by this Agreement or as previously
disclosed in Borrower's financial statements or in writing to Lender and as
accepted by Lender, and except for property tax liens for taxes not presently
due and payable, Borrower owns and has good title to all of Borrower's
properties free and clear of all Security Interests, and has not executed any
security documents or financing statements relating to such properties. All
of Borrower's properties are titled in Borrower's legal name, and Borrower
has not used or filed a financing statement under any other name for at least
the last five (5) years.

Hazardous Substances. Except as disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in
writing, Borrower represents and warrants that: (1) During the period of
Borrower's ownership of Borrower's Collateral, there has been no use,
generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release or threatened
release of any Hazardous Substance by any person on, under, about or from any
of the Collateral. (2) Borrower has no knowledge of, or reason to believe
that there has been (a) any breach or violation of any Environmental Laws;
(b) any use, generation, manufacture, storage, treatment, disposal, release
or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance on, under, about or from the
Collateral by any prior owners or occupants of any of the Collateral; or (c)
any actual or threatened litigation or claims of any kind by any person
relating to such matters. (3) Neither Borrower nor any tenant, contractor,
agent or other authorized user of any of the Collateral shall use, generate,
manufacture, store, treat, dispose of or release any Hazardous Substance on,
under, about or from any of the Collateral; and any such activity shall be
conducted in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws,
regulations, and ordinances, including without limitation all Environmental
Laws. Borrower authorizes Lender and its agents to enter upon the Collateral
to make such inspections and tests as Lender may deem appropriate to
determine compliance of the Collateral with this section of the Agreement.
Any inspections or tests made by Lender shall be at Borrower's expense and
for Lender's purposes only and shall not be construed to create any
responsibility or liability on the part of Lender to Borrower or to any other
person. The representations and warranties contained herein are based on
Borrower's due diligence in investigating the Collateral for hazardous waste
and Hazardous Substances. Borrower hereby (1) releases and waives any future
claims against Lender for indemnity or contribution in the event Borrower
becomes liable for cleanup or other costs under any such laws, and (2) agrees
to indemnify and hold harmless Lender against any and all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, penalties, and expenses which Lender may directly or
indirectly sustain or suffer resulting from a breach of this section of the
Agreement or as a consequence of any use, generation, manufacture, storage,
disposal, release or threatened release of a hazardous waste or substance on
the Collateral. The provisions of this section of the Agreement, including
the obligation to indemnify, shall survive the payment of the Indebtedness
and the termination, expiration or satisfaction of this Agreement and shall
not be affected by Lender's acquisition of any interest in any of the
Collateral, whether by foreclosure or otherwise.

Litigation and Claims. No litigation, claim, investigation, administrative
proceeding or similar action (including those for unpaid taxes) against
Borrower is pending or threatened, and no other event has occurred which may
materially adversely affect Borrower's financial condition or properties,
other than litigation, claims, or other events, if any, that have been
disclosed to and acknowledged by Lender in writing.

Taxes. To the best of Borrower's knowledge, all of Borrower's tax returns and
reports that are or were required to be filed, have been filed, and all
taxes, assessments and other governmental charges have been paid in full,
except those presently being or to be contested by Borrower in good faith in
the ordinary course of business and for which adequate reserves have been
provided.

Lien Priority. Unless otherwise previously disclosed to Lender in writing,
Borrower has not entered into or granted any Security Agreements, or
permitted the filing or attachment of any Security Interests on or affecting
any of the Collateral directly or indirectly securing repayment of Borrower's
Loan and Note, that would be prior or that may in any way be superior to
Lender's Security Interests and rights in and to such Collateral.

Binding Effect. This Agreement, the Note, all Security Agreements (if any),
and all Related Documents are binding upon the signers thereof, as well as
upon their successors, representatives and assigns, and are legally
enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that, so
long as this Agreement remains in effect, Borrower will:

Notices of Claims and Litigation. Promptly inform Lender in writing of (1)
all material adverse changes in Borrower's financial condition, and (2) all
existing and all threatened litigation, claims, investigations,
administrative proceedings or similar actions affecting Borrower or any
Guarantor which could materially affect the financial condition of Borrower
or the financial condition of any Guarantor.

Financial Records. Maintain its books and records in accordance with GAAP,
applied on a consistent basis, and permit Lender to examine and audit
Borrower's books and records at all reasonable times.

Financial Statements. Furnish Lender with the following:

Additional Requirements.
CO-BORROWERS NOT TO INCUR TWO CONSECUTIVE QUARTERLY LOSSES ON A CONSOLIDATED
BASIS.

CO-BORROWERS TO SUBMIT TO BANK ANNUAL CONSOLIDATED CERTIFIED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTANT AUDITED AND COMPANY PREPARED CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
WITHIN 10 DAYS OF 10-K FILING.

CO-BORROWERS TO SUBMIT TO BANK QUARTERLY COMPANY PREPARED CONSOLIDATED AND
CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS WITHIN 10 DAYS OF 10-Q FILING.

CO-BORROWERS TO SUBMIT TO BANK MONTHLY ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ACCOUNTS
PAYABLE AGINGS, WITHIN 20 DAYS OF MONTH END.

CO-BORROWERS TO SUBMIT TO BANK ANNUAL FEDERAL TAX RETURNS WITHIN 30 DAYS OF
FILING.

CO-BORROWERS TO MAINTAIN ITS PRIMARY DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT WITH BANK.

RECEIPT AND REVIEW ON INITIAL COLLATERAL AUDIT, SATISFACTORY TO BANK, TO BE
PERFORMED BY BANK AT CO-BORROWERS EXPENSE. THEREAFTER, ANNUAL OR AS REQUIRED
COLLATERAL AUDITS TO BE PERFORMED BY BANK AT CO-BORROWER'S EXPENSE.

All financial reports required to be provided under this Agreement shall be
prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis, and
certified by Borrower as being true and correct.

Additional Information. Furnish such additional information and statements,
as Lender may request from time to time.

Financial Covenants and Ratios. Comply with the following covenants and
ratios:

Other Requirements.

MAXIMUM DEBT-TO WORTH RATIO OF 1:1.

MINIMUM EFFECTIVE TANGIBLE NET WORTH OF $2,200,000.

MINIMUM CURRENT RATIO OF .22:1.

MINIMUM WORKING CAPITAL OF ($1,100,000) REDUCING TO ($1,000,000) AS OF JUNE
30, 2004.

SOFTWARE TO BE ACCOUNTED FOR AS A TANGIBLE FIXED ASSET

COVENANT AND RATIOS CALCULATED WITH BANK DEBT BEING TREATED AS LONG TERM
LIABILITY.

Except as provided above, all computations made to determine compliance with
the requirements contained in this paragraph shall be made in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, applied on a consistent basis, and
certified by Borrower as being true and correct.

Insurance. Maintain fire and other risk insurance, public liability
insurance, and such other insurance as Lender may require with respect to
Borrower's properties and operations, in form, amounts, coverages and with
insurance companies acceptable to Lender. Borrower, upon request of Lender,
will deliver to Lender from time to time the policies or certificates of
insurance in form satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that
coverages will not be cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days
prior written notice to Lender. Each insurance policy also shall include an
endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act, omission or default of Borrower or any other person.
In connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is
offered a security interest for the Loans, Borrower will provide Lender with
such lender's loss payable or other endorsements as Lender may require.

Insurance Reports. Furnish to Lender, upon request of Lender, reports on each
existing insurance policy showing such information as Lender may reasonably
request, including without limitation the following: (1) the name of the
insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the
properties insured; (5) the then current property values on the basis of
which insurance has been obtained, and the manner of determining those
values; and (6) the expiration date of the policy. In addition, upon request
of Lender (however not more often than annually), Borrower will have an
independent appraiser satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the
actual cash value or replacement cost of any Collateral. The cost of such
appraisal shall be paid by Borrower.

Other Agreements. Comply with all terms and conditions of all other
agreements, whether now or hereafter existing, between Borrower and any other
party and notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in connection
with any other such agreements.

Loan Proceeds. Use all Loan proceeds solely for Borrower's business
operations, unless specifically consented to the contrary by Lender in
writing.

Taxes, Charges and Liens. Pay and discharge when due all of its indebtedness
and obligations, including without limitation all assessments, taxes,
governmental charges, levies and liens, of every kind and nature, imposed
upon Borrower or its properties, income, or profits, prior to the date on
which penalties would attach, and all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might
become a lien or charge upon any of Borrower's properties, income, or
profits.

Performance. Perform and comply, in a timely manner, with all terms,
conditions, and provisions set forth in this Agreement, in the Related
Documents, and in all other instruments and agreements between Borrower and
Lender. Borrower shall notify Lender immediately in writing of any default in
connection with any agreement.

Operations. Maintain executive and management personnel with substantially
the same qualifications and experience as the present executive and
management personnel; provide written notice to Lender of any change in
executive and management personnel; conduct its business affairs in a
reasonable and prudent manner.

Environmental Studies. Promptly conduct and complete, at Borrower's expense,
all such investigations, studies, samplings and testings as may be requested
by Lender or any governmental authority relative to any substance, or any
waste or by-product of any substance defined as toxic or a hazardous
substance under applicable federal, state, or local law, rule, regulation,
order or directive, at or affecting any property or any facility owned,
leased or used by Borrower.

Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Comply with all laws, ordinances,
and regulations, now or hereafter in effect, of all governmental authorities
applicable to the conduct of Borrower's properties, businesses and
operations, and to the use or occupancy of the Collateral, including without
limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act. Borrower may contest in good
faith any such law, ordinance, or regulation and withhold compliance during
any proceeding, including appropriate appeals, so long as Borrower has
notified Lender in writing prior to doing so and so long as, in Lender's sole
opinion, Lender's interests in the Collateral are not jeopardized. Lender may
require Borrower to post adequate security or a surety bond, reasonably
satisfactory to Lender, to protect Lender's interest.

Inspection. Permit employees or agents of Lender at any reasonable time to
inspect any and all Collateral for the Loan or Loans and Borrower's other
properties and to examine or audit Borrower's books, accounts, and records
and to make copies and memoranda of Borrower's books, accounts, and records.
If Borrower now or at any time hereafter maintains any records (including
without limitation computer generated records and computer software programs
for the generation of such records) in the possession of a third party,
Borrower, upon request of Lender, shall notify such party to permit Lender
free access to such records at all reasonable times and to provide Lender
with copies of any records it may request, all at Borrower's expense.

Compliance Certificates. Unless waived in writing by Lender, provide Lender
at least annually, with a certificate executed by Borrower's chief financial
officer, or other officer or person acceptable to Lender, certifying that the
representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement are true and
correct as of the date of the certificate and further certifying that, as of
the date of the certificate, no Event of Default exists under this Agreement.

Environmental Compliance and Reports. Borrower shall comply in all respects
with any and all Environmental Laws; not cause or permit to exist, as a
result of an intentional or unintentional action or omission on Borrower's
part or on the part of any third party, on property owned and/or occupied by
Borrower, any environmental activity where damage may result to the
environment, unless such environmental activity is pursuant to and in
compliance with the conditions of a permit issued by the appropriate federal,
state or local governmental authorities; shall furnish to Lender promptly and
in any event within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof a copy of any
notice, summons, lien, citation, directive, letter or other communication
from any governmental agency or instrumentality concerning any intentional or
unintentional action or omission on Borrower's part in connection with any
environmental activity whether or not there is damage to the environment
and/or other natural resources.

Additional Assurances. Make, execute and deliver to Lender such promissory
notes, mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements, assignments, financing
statements, instruments, documents and other agreements as Lender or its
attorneys may reasonably request to evidence and secure the Loans and to
perfect all Security Interests.

LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would
materially affect Lender's interest in the Collateral or if Borrower fails to
comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents,
including but not limited to Borrower's failure to discharge or pay when due
any amounts Borrower is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or
any Related Documents, Lender on Borrower's behalf may (but shall not be
obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but
not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests,
encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on any Collateral
and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving any Collateral.
All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then
bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or
paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Borrower. All such expenses will
become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be
payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned
among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during
either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining
term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due
and payable at the Note's maturity.

NEGATIVE COVENANTS. Borrower covenants and agrees with Lender that while this
Agreement is in effect, Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent
of Lender:

CESSATION OF ADVANCES. If Lender has made any commitment to make any Loan to
Borrower, whether under this Agreement or under any other agreement, Lender
shall have no obligation to make Loan Advances or to disburse Loan proceeds
if: (A) Borrower or any Guarantor is in default under the terms of this
Agreement or any of the Related Documents or any other agreement that
Borrower or any Guarantor has with Lender; (B) Borrower or any Guarantor
dies, becomes incompetent or becomes insolvent, files a petition in
bankruptcy or similar proceedings, or is adjudged a bankrupt; (C) there
occurs a material adverse change in Borrower's financial condition, in the
financial condition of any Guarantor, or in the value of any Collateral
securing any Loan; or (D) any Guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise attempts
to limit, modify or revoke such Guarantor's guaranty of the Loan or any other
loan with Lender;

DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under
this Agreement:

Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the Loan.

Other Defaults. Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term,
obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any of
the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation,
covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and
Borrower.

False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished
to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower's behalf under this Agreement or the
Related Documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now
or at the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time
thereafter.

Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Borrower's existence as a going
business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any
part of Borrower's property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any
type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower.

Defective Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents
ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any
time and for any reason.

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture
proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency
against any collateral securing the Loan. This includes a garnishment of any
of Borrower's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However,
this Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by
Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis
of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written
notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an
amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate
reserve or bond for the dispute.

Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect
to any Guarantor of any of the lndebtedness or any Guarantor dies or becomes
incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability under, any
Guaranty of the Indebtedness, In the event of a death, Lender, at its option,
may, but shall not be required to, permit the Guarantor's estate to assume
unconditionally the obligations arising under the guaranty in a manner
satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure any Event of Default.

Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial
condition is defined as a violation of financial covenants or ratios.

Right to Cure. If any default, other than a default on Indebtedness, is
curable and if Borrower or Grantor, as the case may be, has not been given a
notice of a similar default within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may
be cured (and no Event of Default will have occurred) if Borrower or Grantor,
as the case may be, after receiving written notice from Lender demanding cure
of such default: (1) cure the default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the
cure requires more than fifteen (15) days, immediately initiate steps which
Lender deems in Lender's sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default
and thereafter continue and complete all reasonable and necessary steps
sufficient to produce compliance as soon as reasonably practical.

EFFECT OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT. If any Event of Default shall occur, except
where otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Related Documents, all
commitments and obligations of Lender under this Agreement or the Related
Documents or any other agreement immediately will terminate (including any
obligation to make further Loan Advances or disbursements), and, at Lender's
option, all Indebtedness immediately will become due and payable, all without
notice of any kind to Borrower, except that in the case of an Event of
Default of the type described in the "Insolvency" subsection above, such
acceleration shall be automatic and not optional. In addition, Lender shall
have all the rights and remedies provided in the Related Documents or
available at law, in equity, or otherwise. Except as may be prohibited by
applicable law, all of Lender's rights and remedies shall be cumulative and
may be exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any
remedy shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Borrower or of any
Grantor shall not affect Lender's right to declare a default and to exercise
its rights and remedies.

CREDIT LIMIT DECREASE. CREDIT LIMIT WILL DECREASE TO $600,000.00 ON APRIL 1,
2004 AND $500,000.00 ON JULY 1, 2004.

MATURITY DATE EXTENSION. UPON RECEIPT OF FINANCIAL YEAR END STATEMENTS
(12/31/03) WITH ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IN
COMPLIANCE AS DETERMINED BY LENDER, THE MATURITY DATE WILL THEN BE EXTENDED
TO MAY 1, 2006. THE MATURITY DATE EXTENSION IS TO BE EVIDENCED IN WRITING.

INTEREST RATE DECREASE.
THE INTEREST RATE WILL BE REDUCED FROM WALL STREET JOURNAL PRIME PLUS 2.50%,
FLOATING, TO WALL STREET JOURNAL PRIME PLUS 1.50%, FLOATING, WHEN THE AMOUNT
OF DEFERRED INCOME EXCEEDS THE WORKING CAPITAL DEFICIT FOR TWO CONSECUTIVE
OUARTERS, AS DETERMINED BY LENDER. INTEREST RATE DECREASE TO BE EVIDENCED IN
WRITING.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part
of this Agreement:

Amendments. This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes
the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set
forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement
shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties
sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment.

Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. Borrower agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender's
costs and expenses, including Lender's reasonable attorneys' fees and
Lender's legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this
Agreement, and Borrower shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement.
Costs and expenses include Lender's attorneys' fees and legal expenses
whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and legal
expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate
any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services. Borrower also shall pay all court costs and such
additional fees as may be directed by the court.

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience
purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of
this Agreement.

Consent to Loan Participation. Borrower agrees and consents to Lender's sale
or transfer, whether now or later, of one or more participation interests in
the Loan to one or more purchasers, whether related or unrelated to Lender.
Lender may provide, without any limitation whatsoever, to any one or more
purchasers, or potential purchasers, any information or knowledge Lender may
have about Borrower or about any other matter relating to the Loan, and
Borrower hereby waives any rights to privacy Borrower may have with respect
to such matters. Borrower additionally waives any and all notices of sale of
participation interests, as well as all notices of any repurchase of such
participation interests. Borrower also agrees that the purchasers of any such
participation interests will be considered as the absolute owners of such
interests in the Loan and will have all the rights granted under the
participation agreement or agreements governing the sale of such
participation interests. Borrower further waives all rights of offset or
counterclaim that it may have now or later against Lender or against any
purchaser of such a participation interest and unconditionally agrees that
either Lender or such purchaser may enforce Borrower's obligation under the
Loan irrespective of the failure or insolvency of any holder of any interest
in the Loan. Borrower furthers agrees that the purchaser of any such
participation interests may enforce its interests irrespective of any
personal claims or defenses that Borrower may have against Lender.

Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of California. This
Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of California.

Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Borrower agrees upon Lender's request
to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Orange County, State of
California.

Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower under this Agreement
shall be joint and several, and all references to Borrower shall mean each
and every Borrower. This means that each Borrower signing below is
responsible for all obligations in this Agreement. Where any one or more of
the parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or
similar entity, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of
any of the officers, directors, partners, members, or other agents acting or
purporting to act on the entity's behalf, and any obligations made or created
in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be guaranteed
under this Agreement.

No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights
under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by
Lender. No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. A waiver by
Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a
waiver of Lender's right otherwise to demand strict compliance with that
provision or any other provision of this Agreement, No prior waiver by
Lender, nor any course of dealing between Lender and Borrower, or between
Lender and any Grantor, shall constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights
or of any of Borrower's or any Grantor's obligations as to any future
transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is required under this
Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any instance shall not
constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances where such consent is
required and in all cases such consent may be granted or withheld in the sole
discretion of Lender.

Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given
in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually
received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited
with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited
in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this
Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement
by giving formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes,
Borrower agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Borrower's current
address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than
one Borrower, any notice given by Lender to any Borrower is deemed to be
notice given to all Borrowers.

Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of
this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any person or
circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable as to any other person or circumstance, If
feasible, the offending provision shall be considered modified so that it
becomes legal, valid and enforceable. If the offending provision cannot be so
modified, it shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless
otherwise required by law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of
any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or
enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.

Subsidiaries and Affiliates of Borrower. To the extent the context of any
provisions of this Agreement makes it appropriate, including without
limitation any representation, warranty or covenant, the word "Borrower" as
used in this Agreement shall include all of Borrower's subsidiaries and
affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing however, under no circumstances
shall this Agreement be construed to require Lender to make any Loan or other
financial accommodation to any of Borrower's subsidiaries or affiliates.

Successors and Assigns. All covenants and agreements by or on behalf of
Borrower contained in this Agreement or any Related Documents shall bind
Borrower's successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit of Lender
and its successors and assigns. Borrower shall not, however, have the right
to assign Borrower's rights under this Agreement or any interest therein,
without the prior written consent of Lender.

Survival of Representations and Warranties. Borrower understands and agrees
that in extending Loan Advances, Lender is relying on all representations,
warranties, and covenants made by Borrower in this Agreement or in any
certificate or other instrument delivered by Borrower to Lender under this
Agreement or the Related Documents. Borrower further agrees that regardless
of any investigation made by Lender, all such representations, warranties and
covenants will survive the extension of Loan Advances and delivery to Lender
of the Related Documents, shall be continuing in nature, shall be deemed made
and related by Borrower at the time each Loan Advance is made, and shall
remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower's Indebtedness
shall be paid in full, or until this Agreement shall be terminated in the
manner provided above, whichever is the last to occur.

Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this
Agreement.

DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the
following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful
money of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular
shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the
context may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial
Code. Accounting words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles as in effect on the date of this Agreement:

Advance. The word "Advance" means a disbursement of Loan funds made, or to be
made, to Borrower or on Borrower's behalf on a line of credit or multiple
advance basis under the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Agreement. The word "Agreement" means this Business Loan Agreement, as this
Business Loan Agreement may be amended or modified from time to time,
together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Business Loan
Agreement from time to time.

Borrower. The word "Borrower" means AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A - G CANADA
LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note.

Collateral. The word "Collateral" means all property and assets granted as
collateral security for a Loan, whether real or personal property, whether
granted directly or indirectly, whether granted now or in the future, and
whether granted in the form of a security interest, mortgage, collateral
mortgage, deed of trust, assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage,
collateral chattel mortgage, chattel trust, factor's lien, equipment trust,
conditional sale, trust receipt, lien, charge, lien or title retention
contract, lease or consignment intended as a security device, or any other
security or lien interest whatsoever, whether created by law, contract, or
otherwise.

Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state,
federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the
protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, at seq.,
Chapters 6.5 through 7.7 of Division 20 of the California Health and Safety
Code, Section 25100, et seq., or other applicable state or federal laws,
rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto.

Event of Default. The words "Event of Default" mean any of the events of
default set forth in this Agreement in the default section of this Agreement.

GAAP. The word "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles.

Grantor. The word "Grantor" means each and all of the persons or entities
granting a Security Interest in any Collateral for the Loan, including
without limitation all Borrowers granting such a Security Interest.

Guarantor. The word "Guarantor" means any guarantor, surety, or accommodation
party of any or all of the Loan.

Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from Guarantor to Lender,
including without limitation a guaranty of all or part of the Note.

Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that,
because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical or infectious
characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human
health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of,
generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled. The words
"Hazardous Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include
without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term
"Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by the
Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with
all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.

Lender. The word "Lender" means Pacific Mercantile Bank, its successors and
assigns.

Loan. The word "Loan" means any and all loans and financial accommodations
from Lender to Borrower whether now or hereafter existing, and however
evidenced, including without limitation those loans and financial
accommodations described herein or described on any exhibit or schedule
attached to this Agreement from time to time.

Note. The word "Note" means the Note executed by AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A
- - G CANADA LTD. in the principal amount of $750,000.00 dated February 13,
2004, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of,
refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the note or credit
agreement.

Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes,
credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, guaranties,
security agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral
mortgages, and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now
or hereafter existing, executed in connection with the Loan.

Security Agreement. The words "Security Agreement" mean and include without
limitation any agreements, promises, covenants, arrangements, understandings
or other agreements, whether created by law, contract, or otherwise,
evidencing, governing, representing, or creating a Security Interest.

Security Interest. The words "Security Interest" mean, without limitation,
any and all types of collateral security, present and future, whether ri the
form of a lien, charge, encumbrance, mortgage, deed of trust, security deed,
assignment, pledge, crop pledge, chattel mortgage, collateral chattel
mortgage, chattel trust, factor's lien, equipment trust, conditional sale,
trust receipt, lien or title retention contract, lease or consignment
intended as a security device, or any other security or lien interest
whatsoever whether created by law contract, or otherwise.


BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES HAVING READ ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS BUSINESS LOAN
AGREEMENT AND BORROWER AGREES TO ITS TERMS. THIS BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IS
DATED FEBRUARY 13, 2004.

BORROWER:

AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of
AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC




A - G CANADA LTD.


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of A-G
CANADA LTD.



LENDER:

PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANK



By: /s/Robert E. Zeltner
- -----------------------------------------
Authorized Signer



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-2
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>pmbagpromissorynote.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PMB PROMISSORY NOTE DATED 2/13/2004(EXHIBIT 10.63)
<TEXT>
                              PROMISSORY NOTE               Exhibit 10.63


Borrower: AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC.     Lender: Pacific Mercantile Bank
(TIN: 95-2105641)
A-G CANADA LTD.                     Newport Beach Financial Center
3201 TEMPLE AVE.                    450 Newport Center Drive, Suite 100
POMONA, CA 91768                    Newport Beach, CA 92660

Principal Amount: $750,000.00 Initial Rate: 6.500% Date of Note: February 13,
2004

PROMISE TO PAY. AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A - G CANADA LTD. ("Borrower")
jointly and severally promise to pay to Pacific Mercantile Bank ("Lender"),
or order, in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal
amount of Seven Hundred Fifty Thousand & 00/100 Dollars ($750,000.00) or so
much as may be outstanding, together with interest on the unpaid outstanding
principal balance of each advance. Interest shall be calculated from the date
of each advance until repayment of each advance.

PAYMENT. Borrower will pay this loan in one payment of all outstanding
principal plus all accrued unpaid interest on May 1, 2005. In addition,
Borrower will pay regular monthly payments of all accrued unpaid interest due
as of each payment date, beginning March 1, 2004, with all subsequent
interest payments to be due on the same day of each month after that. Unless
otherwise agreed or required by applicable law, payments will be applied
first to any accrued unpaid interest; then to principal; then to any unpaid
collection costs; and then to any late charges. The annual interest rate for
this Note is computed on a 365/360 basis; that is, by applying the ratio of
the annual interest rate over a year of 360 days, multiplied by the
outstanding principal balance, multiplied by the actual number of days the
principal balance is outstanding. Borrower will pay Lender at Lender's
address shown above or at such other place as Lender may designate in
writing.

VARIABLE INTEREST RATE. The interest rate on this Note is subject to change
from time to time based on changes in an independent index which is the
highest rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the USA's thirty
(30) largest banks known as The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate and is
published in The Wall Street Journal (the "Index"). The Index is not
necessarily the lowest rate charged by Lender on its loans. If the Index
becomes unavailable during the term of this loan, Lender may designate a
substitute index after notice to Borrower. Lender will tell Borrower the
current Index rate upon Borrower's request. The interest rate change will not
occur more often than each day. Borrower understands that Lender may make
loans based on other rates as well. The Index currently is 4.000%. The
interest rate to be applied to the unpaid principal balance of this Note will
be at a rate of 2.500 percentage points over the Index, resulting in an
initial rate of 6.500%. NOTICE: Under no circumstances will the interest rate
on this Note be more than the maximum rate allowed by applicable law.

PREPAYMENT; MINIMUM INTEREST CHARGE. In any event, even upon full prepayment
of this Note, Borrower understands that Lender is entitled to a minimum
interest charge of $100.00 over the life of the loan. Other than Borrower's
obligation to pay any minimum interest charge, Borrower may pay without
penalty all or a portion of the amount owed earlier than it is due. Early
payments will not, unless agreed to by Lender in writing, relieve Borrower of
Borrower's obligation to continue to make payments of accrued unpaid
interest. Rather, early payments will reduce the principal balance due.
Borrower agrees not to send Lender payments marked "paid in full", "without
recourse", or similar language. If Borrower sends such a payment, Lender may
accept it without losing any of Lender's rights under this Note, and Borrower
will remain obligated to pay any further amount owed to Lender. All written
communications concerning disputed amounts, including any check or other
payment instrument that indicates that the payment constitutes "payment in
full" of the amount owed or that is tendered with other conditions or
limitations or as full satisfaction of a disputed amount must be mailed or
delivered to: Pacific Mercantile Bank, Newport Beach Financial Center, 450
Newport Center Drive, Suite 100, Newport Beach, CA 92660.

LATE CHARGE. If a payment is 10 days or more late, Borrower will be charged
5.000% of the unpaid portion of the regularly scheduled payment or $5.00,
whichever is greater.

INTEREST AFTER DEFAULT. Upon default, the variable interest rate on this Note
shall immediately increase to 8.500 percentage points over the Index, if
permitted under applicable law.

DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an event of default ("Event
of Default") under this Note:

Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under this Note.

Other Defaults. Borrower fails to comply with or to perform any other term,
obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Note or in any of the
related documents or to comply with or to perform any term, obligation,
covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between Lender and
Borrower.

False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished
to Lender by Borrower or on Borrower's behalf under this Note or the related
documents is false or misleading in any material respect, either now or at
the time made or furnished or becomes false or misleading at any time
thereafter.

Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Borrower's existence as a going
business, the insolvency of Borrower, the appointment of a receiver for any
part of Borrower's property, any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any
type of creditor workout, or the commencement of any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against Borrower.

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture
proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
other method, by any creditor of Borrower or by any governmental agency
against any collateral securing the loan. This includes a garnishment of any
of Borrower's accounts, including deposit accounts, with Lender. However,
this Event of Default shall not apply if there is a good faith dispute by
Borrower as to the validity or reasonableness of the claim which is the basis
of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and if Borrower gives Lender written
notice of the creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender
monies or a surety bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an
amount determined by Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate
reserve or bond for the dispute.

Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect
to any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party of any of the
indebtedness or any guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies
or becomes incompetent, or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability
under, any guaranty of the indebtedness evidenced by this Note. In the event
of a death, Lender, at its option, may, but shall not be required to, permit
the guarantor's estate to assume unconditionally the obligations arising
under the guaranty in a manner satisfactory to Lender, and, in doing so, cure
any Event of Default.

Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial
condition is defined as a violation of financial covenants or ratios.

Cure Provisions. If any default, other than a default in payment is curable
and if Borrower has not been given a notice of a breach of the same provision
of this Note within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured (and no
event of default will have occurred) if Borrower, after receiving written
notice from Lender demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the default
within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than fifteen (15)
days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's sole
discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues and
completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce compliance
as soon as reasonably practical.

LENDER'S RIGHTS. Upon default, Lender may declare the entire unpaid principal
balance on this Note and all accrued unpaid interest immediately due, and
then Borrower will pay that amount.

ATTORNEYS' FEES; EXPENSES. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help
collect this Note if Borrower does not pay. Borrower will pay Lender that
amount. This includes, subject to any limits under applicable law, Lender's
attorneys' fees and Lender's legal expenses, whether or not there is a
lawsuit, including attorneys' fees, expenses for bankruptcy proceedings
(including efforts to modify or vacate any automatic stay or injunction), and
appeals. Borrower also will pay any court costs, in addition to all other
sums provided by law.

GOVERNING LAW. This Note will be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of California. This
Note has been accepted by Lender in the State of California.

CHOICE OF VENUE. If there is a lawsuit, Borrower agrees upon Lender's request
to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Orange County, State of
California.

DISHONORED ITEM FEE. Borrower will pay a fee to Lender of $25.00 if Borrower
makes a payment on Borrower's loan and the check or preauthorized charge with
which Borrower pays is later dishonored.

COLLATERAL. Borrower acknowledges this Note is secured by the following
collateral described in the security instruments listed herein:
inventory, chattel paper, accounts, equipment and general intangibles
described in Commercial Security Agreements dated February 13, 2004.

LINE OF CREDIT. This Note evidences a revolving line of credit. Advances
under this Note may be requested orally by Borrower or as provided in this
paragraph. All oral requests shall be confirmed in writing on the day of the
request. All communications, instructions, or directions by telephone or
otherwise to Lender are to be directed to Lender's office shown above. The
following persons currently are authorized to request advances and authorize
payments under the line of credit until Lender receives from Borrower, at
Lender's address shown above, written notice of revocation of their
authority: ROBERT S COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC; ROBERT S.
COPE, PRESIDENT/CHAIRMAN OF A-G CANADA LTD; DANIEL E. LUEBBEN, CFO/SECRETARY
of AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC; PAUL R. COPE, CTO of AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC; DANIEL E.
LUEBBEN, CFO/SECRETARY of A-G CANADA LTD; and PAUL R. COPE, CTO of A-G CANADA
LTD.
Borrower agrees to be liable for all sums either: (A) advanced in accordance
with the instructions of an authorized person or (B) credited to any of
Borrower's accounts with Lender. The unpaid principal balance owing on this
Note at any time may be evidenced by endorsements on this Note or by Lender's
internal records, including daily computer print-outs. Lender will have no
obligation to advance funds under this Note if: (A) Borrower or any guarantor
is in default under the terms of this Note or any agreement that Borrower or
any guarantor has with Lender, including any agreement made in connection
with the signing of this Note; (B) Borrower or any guarantor ceases doing
business or is insolvent; (C) any guarantor seeks, claims or otherwise
attempts to limit, modify or revoke such guarantor's guarantee of this Note
or any other loan with Lender; (D) Borrower has applied funds provided
pursuant to this Note for purposes other than those authorized by Lender.

INTEREST AFTER DEFAULT. Upon Borrower's failure to pay all amounts declared
due pursuant to this section, including failure to pay upon final maturity,
Lender, at its option, may if permitted under applicable law, increase the
variable interest rate on this Note by 6.000 percentage points over the Index
plus the existing margin.

CREDIT LIMIT DECREASE. CREDIT LIMIT WILL DECREASE TO $600,000.00 ON APRIL 1,
2004 AND $500,000.00 ON JULY 1, 2004.

MATURITY DATE EXTENSION. UPON RECEIPT OF FINANCIAL YEAR END STATEMENTS
(12/31/03) WITH ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BUSINESS LOAN AGREEMENT IN
COMPLIANCE AS DETERMINED BY LENDER, THE MATURITY DATE WILL THEN BE EXTENDED
TO MAY 1, 2006. THE MATURITY DATE EXTENSION IS TO BE EVIDENCED IN WRITING.

INTEREST RATE DECREASE.
THE INTEREST RATE WILL BE REDUCED FROM WALL STREET JOURNAL PRIME PLUS 2.50%,
FLOATING, TO WALL STREET JOURNAL PRIME PLUS 1.50%, FLOATING, WHEN THE AMOUNT
OF DEFERRED INCOME EXCEEDS THE WORKING CAPITAL DEFICIT FOR TWO CONSECUTIVE
QUARTERS, AS DETERMINED BY LENDER. INTEREST RATE DECREASE TO BE EVIDENCED IN
WRITING.

SUCCESSOR INTERESTS. The terms of this Note shall be binding upon Borrower,
and upon Borrower's heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns,
and shall inure to the benefit of Lender and its successors and assigns.

GENERAL PROVISIONS. Lender may delay or forgo enforcing any of its rights or
remedies under this Note without losing them. Each Borrower understands and
agrees that, with or without notice to Borrower, Lender may with respect to
any other Borrower (a) make one or more additional secured or unsecured loans
or otherwise extend additional credit; (b) alter, compromise, renew, extend,
accelerate, or otherwise change one or more times the time for payment or
other terms any indebtedness, including increases and decreases of the rate
of interest on the indebtedness; (c) exchange, enforce, waive, subordinate,
fail or decide not to perfect, and release any security, with or without the
substitution of new collateral; (d) apply such security and direct the order
or manner of sale thereof, including without limitation, any non-judicial
sale permitted by the terms of the controlling security agreements, as Lender
in its discretion may determine; (e) release, substitute, agree not to sue,
or deal with any one or more of Borrower's sureties, endorsers, or other
guarantors on any terms or in any manner Lender may choose; and (f) determine
how, when and what application of payments and credits shall be made on any
other indebtedness owing by such other Borrower. Borrower and any other
person who signs, guarantees or endorses this Note, to the extent allowed by
law, waive any applicable statute of limitations, presentment, demand for
payment, and notice of dishonor. Upon any change in the terms of this Note,
and unless otherwise expressly stated in writing, no party who signs this
Note, whether as maker, guarantor, accommodation maker or endorser, shall be
released from liability. All such parties agree that Lender may renew or
extend (repeatedly and for any length of time) this loan or release any party
or guarantor or collateral; or impair, fail to realize upon or perfect
Lender's security interest in the collateral; and take any other action
deemed necessary by Lender without the consent of or notice to anyone. All
such parties also agree that Lender may modify this loan without the consent
of or notice to anyone other than the party with whom the modification is
made. The obligations under this Note are joint and several.

PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS NOTE, EACH BORROWER READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS NOTE, INCLUDING THE VARIABLE INTEREST RATE PROVISIONS.
EACH BORROWER AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THE NOTE.

BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF A COMPLETED COPY OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE.

BORROWER:

AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO
- -GRAPHICS, INC



A - G CANADA LTD.


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of A-G
CANADA LTD.



LENDER:

PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANK



By: /s/Robert E. Zeltner
- -----------------------------------------
Authorized Signer




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>pmbagcomsecagmt.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PMB COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT (A-G) DATED 2/13/2004(EXHIBIT 10.64)
<TEXT>
                      COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT         Exhibit 10.64


Borrower: AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC.    Lender: Pacific Mercantile Bank
(TIN: 95-2105641)
A-G CANADA LTD.                    Newport Beach Financial Center
3201 TEMPLE AVE                    450 Newport Center Drive, Suite 100
POMONA, CA 91768                   Newport Beach, CA 92660

Grantor: AUTO-GRAPHICS, INC. (TIN: 95-2105641)
         3201 TEMPLE AVE
         POMONA, CA 91768


THIS COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT dated February 13, 2004, is made and
executed among AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC ("Grantor"); AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A
- - G CANADA LTD. ("Borrower"); and Pacific Mercantile Bank ("Lender").

GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. For valuable consideration, Grantor grants to
Lender a security interest in the Collateral to secure the Indebtedness and
agrees that Lender shall have the rights stated in this Agreement with
respect to the Collateral, in addition to all other rights which Lender may
have by law.

COLLATERAL DESCRIPTION. The word "Collateral" as used in this Agreement means
the following described property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
whether now existing or hereafter arising, and wherever located, in which
Grantor is giving to Lender a security interest for the payment of the
Indebtedness and performance of all other obligations under the Note and this
Agreement:

All inventory, equipment, accounts (including but not limited to all health-
care-insurance receivables), chattel paper, instruments (including but not
limited to all promissory notes), letter-of-credit rights, letters of credit,
documents, deposit accounts, investment property, money, other rights to
payment and performance, and general intangibles (including but not limited
to all software and all payment intangibles); all oil, gas and other minerals
before extraction; all oil, gas, other minerals and accounts constituting as-
extracted collateral; all fixtures; all timber to be cut; all attachments,
accessions, accessories, fittings, increases, tools, parts, repairs,
supplies, and commingled goods relating to the foregoing property, and all
additions, replacements of and substitutions for all or any part of the
foregoing property; all insurance refunds relating to the foregoing property;
all good will relating to the foregoing property; all records and data and
embedded software relating to the foregoing property, and all equipment,
inventory and software to utilize, create, maintain and process any such
records and data on electronic media; and all supporting obligations relating
to the foregoing property; all whether now existing or hereafter arising.
whether now owned or hereafter acquired or whether now or hereafter subject
to any rights in the foregoing property; and all products and proceeds
(including but not limited to all insurance payments) of or relating to the
foregoing property.

In addition, the word "Collateral" also includes all the following, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, whether now existing or hereafter arising,
and wherever located:

(A) All accessions, attachments, accessories, tools, parts, supplies,
replacements of and additions to any of the collateral described herein,
whether added now or later.

(B) All products and produce of any of the property described in this
Collateral section.

(C) All accounts, general intangibles, instruments, rents, monies, payments,
and all other rights, arising out of a sale, lease, or other disposition of
any of the property described in this Collateral section.

(D) All proceeds Including insurance proceeds) from the sale, destruction,
loss, or other disposition of any of the property described in this
Collateral section, and sums due from a third party who has damaged or
destroyed the Collateral or from that party's insurer, whether due to
judgment, settlement or other process.

(E) All records and data relating to any of the property described in this
Collateral section, whether in the form of a writing, photograph, microfilm,
microfiche, or electronic media, together with all of Grantor's right, title,
and interest in and to all computer software required to utilize, create,
maintain, and process any such records or data on electronic media.

Despite any other provision of this Agreement, Lender is not granted, and
will not have, a nonpurchase money security interest in household goods, to
the extent such a security interest would be prohibited by applicable law. In
addition, if because of the type of any Property, Lender is required to give
a notice of the right to cancel under Truth in Lending for the Indebtedness,
then Lender will not have a security interest in such Collateral unless and
until such a notice is given.

BORROWER'S WAIVERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. Except as otherwise required under
this Agreement or by applicable law, (A) Borrower agrees that Lender need not
tell Borrower about any action or inaction Lender takes in connection with
this Agreement; (B) Borrower assumes the responsibility for being and keeping
informed about the Collateral; and (C) Borrower waives any defenses that may
arise because of any action or inaction of Lender, including without
limitation any failure of Lender to realize upon the Collateral or any delay
by Lender in realizing upon the Collateral; and Borrower agrees to remain
liable under the Note no matter what action Lender takes or fails to take
under this Agreement.

GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: (A) this
Agreement is executed at Borrower's request and not at the request of Lender;
(B) Grantor has the full right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and to pledge the Collateral to Lender;
(C) Grantor has established adequate means of obtaining from Borrower on a
continuing basis information about Borrower's financial condition; and (D)
Lender has made no representation to Grantor about Borrower or Borrower's
creditworthiness.

GRANTOR'S WAIVERS. Except as prohibited by applicable law, Grantor waives any
right to require Lender to (A) make any presentment, protest, demand, or
notice of any kind, including notice of change of any terms of repayment of
the Indebtedness, default by Borrower or any other guarantor or surety, any
action or nonaction taken by Borrower, Lender, or any other guarantor or
surety of Borrower, or the creation of new or additional Indebtedness; (B)
proceed against any person, including Borrower, before proceeding against
Grantor; (C) proceed against any collateral for the Indebtedness, including
Borrower's collateral, before proceeding against Grantor; (D) apply any
payments or proceeds received against the Indebtedness in any order; (E) give
notice of the terms, time, and place of any sale of any collateral pursuant
to the Uniform Commercial Code or any other law governing such sale; (F)
disclose any information about the Indebtedness, the Borrower, any
collateral, or any other guarantor or surety, or about any action or
nonaction of Lender; or (G) pursue any remedy or course of action in Lender's
power whatsoever.

Grantor also waives any and all rights or defenses arising by reason of (A)
any disability or other defense of Borrower, any other guarantor or surety or
any other person; (B) the cessation from any cause whatsoever, other than
payment in full, of the Indebtedness; (C) the application of proceeds of the
Indebtedness by Borrower for purposes other than the purposes understood and
intended by Grantor and Lender; (D) any act of omission or commission by
Lender which directly or indirectly results in or contributes to the
discharge of Borrower or any other guarantor or surety, or the Indebtedness,
or the loss or release of any collateral by operation of law or otherwise;
(E) any statute of limitations in any action under this Agreement or on the
Indebtedness; or (F) any modification or change in terms of the Indebtedness,
whatsoever, including without limitation, the renewal, extension,
acceleration, or other change in the time payment of the Indebtedness is due
and any change in the interest rate.

Grantor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies
by Lender even though that election of remedies, such as a non-judicial
foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed obligation, has
destroyed Grantor's rights of subrogation and reimbursement against Borrower
by operation of Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure or
otherwise.

Grantor waives all rights and defenses that Grantor may have because
Borrower's obligation is secured by real property. This means among other
things: (1) Lender may collect from Grantor without first foreclosing on any
real property collateral pledged by Borrower ; and (2) If Lender forecloses
on any real property collateral pledged by the Borrower : (A) The amount of
the Borrower's obligation may be reduced only by the price for which the
collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is worth
more than the sale price; (B) The Lender may collect from the Grantor even if
the Lender, by foreclosing on the real property collateral, has destroyed any
right the Grantor may have to collect from the borrower. This is an
unconditional waiver of any rights and defenses the Grantor may have because
the Borrower's obligation is secured by real -property. These rights and
defenses include, but are not limited to, any rights and defenses based upon
Sections 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the Code of Civil Procedure.

Grantor understands and agrees that the foregoing waivers are unconditional
and irrevocable waivers of substantive rights and defenses to which Grantor
might otherwise be entitled under state and federal law. Grantor further
understands and agrees that this Agreement is a separate and independent
contract between Grantor and Lender, given for full and ample consideration,
and is enforceable on its own terms. Grantor acknowledges that Grantor has
provided these waivers of rights and defenses with the intention that they be
fully relied upon by Lender. Until all Indebtedness is paid in full, Grantor
waives any right to enforce any remedy Grantor may have against Borrower or
any other guarantor, surety, or other person, and further, Grantor waives any
right to participate in any collateral for the Indebtedness now or hereafter
held by Lender.

GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL. With
respect to the Collateral, Grantor represents and promises to Lender that:

Perfection of Security Interest. Grantor agrees to execute financing
statements and to take whatever other actions are requested by Lender to
perfect and continue Lender's security interest in the Collateral. Upon
request of Lender, Grantor will deliver to Lender any and all of the
documents evidencing or constituting the Collateral, and Grantor will note
Lender's interest upon any and all chattel paper if not delivered to Lender
for possession by Lender. This is a continuing Security Agreement and will
continue in effect even though all or any part of the Indebtedness is paid in
full and even though for a period of time Borrower may not be indebted to
Lender.

Notices to Lender. Grantor will promptly notify Lender in writing at Lender's
address shown above (or such other addresses as Lender may designate from
time to time) prior to any (1) change in Grantor's name; (2) change in
Grantor's assumed business name(s); (3) change in the management of the
Corporation Grantor; (4) change in the authorized signers; (5) change in
Grantor's principal office address; (6) change in Grantor's state of
organization; (7) conversion of Grantor to a new or different type of
business entity; or (8) change in any other aspect of Grantor that directly
or indirectly relates to any agreements between Grantor and Lender. No change
in Grantor's name or state of organization will take effect until after
Lender has received notice

No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not violate
any law or agreement governing Grantor or to which Grantor is a party, and
its certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws do not prohibit any
term or condition of this Agreement.

Enforceability of Collateral. To the extent the Collateral consists of
accounts, chattel paper, or general intangibles, as defined by the Uniform
Commercial Code, the Collateral is enforceable in accordance with its terms,
is genuine, and fully complies with all applicable laws and regulations
concerning form, content and manner of preparation and execution, and all
persons appearing to be obligated on the Collateral have authority and
capacity to contract and are in fact obligated as they appear to be on the
Collateral. At the time any Account becomes subject to a security interest in
favor of Lender, the Account shall be a good and valid account representing
an undisputed, bona fide indebtedness incurred by the account debtor, for
merchandise held subject to delivery instructions or previously shipped or
delivered pursuant to a contract of sale, or for services previously
performed by Grantor with or for the account debtor. So long as this
Agreement remains in effect, Grantor shall not, without Lender's prior
written consent, compromise, settle, adjust, or extend payment under or with
regard to any such Accounts. There shall be no setoffs or counterclaims
against any of the Collateral, and no agreement shall have been made under
which any deductions or discounts may be claimed concerning the Collateral
except those disclosed to Lender in writing.

Location of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business, Grantor agrees to keep the Collateral (or to the extent the
Collateral consists of intangible property such as accounts or general
intangibles, the records concerning the Collateral) at Grantor's address
shown above or at such other locations as are acceptable to Lender. Upon
Lender's request, Grantor will deliver to Lender in form satisfactory to
Lender a schedule of real properties and Collateral locations relating to
Grantor's operations, including without limitation the following: (1) all
real property Grantor owns or is purchasing; (2) all real property Grantor is
renting or leasing; (3) all storage facilities Grantor owns, rents, leases,
or uses; and (4) all other properties where Collateral is or may be located.

Removal of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business, including the sales of inventory, Grantor shall not remove the
Collateral from its existing location without Lender's prior written consent.
To the extent that the Collateral consists of vehicles, or other titled
property, Grantor shall not take or permit any action which would require
application for certificates of title for the vehicles outside the State of
California, without Lender's prior written consent. Grantor shall, whenever
requested, advise Lender of the exact location of the Collateral.

Transactions Involving Collateral. Except for inventory sold or accounts
collected in the ordinary course of Grantor's business, or as otherwise
provided for in this Agreement, Grantor shall not sell, offer to sell, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of the Collateral. While Grantor is not in
default under this Agreement, Grantor may sell inventory, but only in the
ordinary course of its business and only to buyers who qualify as a buyer in
the ordinary course of business. A sale in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business does not include a transfer in partial or total satisfaction of a
debt or any bulk sale. Grantor shall not pledge, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise permit the Collateral to be subject to any lien, security interest,
encumbrance, or charge, other than the security interest provided for in this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of Lender. This includes
security interests even if junior in right to the security interests granted
under this Agreement. Unless waived by Lender, all proceeds from any
disposition of the Collateral (for whatever reason) shall be held in trust
for Lender and shall not be commingled with any other funds; provided
however, this requirement shall not constitute consent by Lender to any sale
or other disposition. Upon receipt, Grantor shall immediately deliver any
such proceeds to Lender.

Title. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that Grantor holds good and
marketable title to the Collateral, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances except for the lien of this Agreement. No financing statement
covering any of the Collateral is on file in any public office other than
those which reflect the security interest created by this Agreement or to
which Lender has specifically consented. Grantor shall defend Lender's rights
in the Collateral against the claims and demands of all other persons.

Repairs and Maintenance. Grantor agrees to keep and maintain, and to cause
others to keep and maintain, the Collateral in good order, repair and
condition at all times while this Agreement remains in effect. Grantor
further agrees to pay when due all claims for work done on, or services
rendered or material furnished in connection with the Collateral so that no
lien or encumbrance may ever attach to or be filed against the Collateral.

Inspection of Collateral. Lender and Lender's designated representatives and
agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine and inspect
the Collateral wherever located.

Taxes, Assessments and Liens. Grantor will pay when due all taxes,
assessments and liens upon the Collateral, its use or operation, upon this
Agreement, upon any promissory note or notes evidencing the Indebtedness, or
upon any of the other Related Documents. Grantor may withhold any such
payment or may elect to contest any lien if Grantor is in good faith
conducting an appropriate proceeding to contest the obligation to pay and so
long as Lender's interest in the Collateral is not jeopardized in Lender's
sole opinion. If the Collateral is subjected to a lien which is not
discharged within fifteen (15) days, Grantor shall deposit with Lender cash,
a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender
in an amount adequate to provide for the discharge of the lien plus any
interest, Costs, attorneys' fees or other charges that could accrue as a
result of foreclosure or sale of the Collateral. In any contest Grantor shall
defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any final adverse judgment before
enforcement against the Collateral. Grantor shall name Lender as an
additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest
proceedings. Grantor further agrees to furnish Lender with evidence that such
taxes, assessments, and governmental and other charges have been paid in full
and in a timely manner. Grantor may withhold any such payment or may elect to
contest any lien if Grantor is in good faith conducting an appropriate
proceeding to contest the obligation to pay and so long as Lender's interest
in the Collateral is not jeopardized.

Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall comply promptly with
all laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities,
now or hereafter in effect, applicable to the ownership, production,
disposition, or use of the Collateral, including all laws or regulations
relating to the undue erosion of highly-erodible land or relating to the
conversion of wetlands for the production of an agricultural product or
commodity. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance or
regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including
appropriate appeals, so long as Lender's interest in the Collateral, in
Lender's opinion, is not jeopardized.

Hazardous Substances. Grantor represents and warrants that the Collateral
never has been, and never will be so long as this Agreement remains a lien on
the Collateral, used in violation of any Environmental Laws or for the
generation, manufacture, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal,
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance. The representations
and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in
investigating the Collateral for Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1)
releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or
contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for Cleanup or other costs
under any Environmental Laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims and losses resulting from a breach of this
provision of this Agreement. This obligation to indemnify shall survive the
payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction of this Agreement.

Maintenance of Casualty Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain all
risks insurance, including without limitation fire, theft and liability
coverage together with such other insurance as Lender may require with
respect to the Collateral, in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably
acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably
acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form
satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be
cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days' prior written notice
to Lender and not including any disclaimer of the insurer's liability for
failure to give such a notice. Each insurance policy also shall include an
endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. In
connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is
offered a security interest, Grantor will provide Lender with such loss
payable or other endorsements as Lender may require. If Grantor at any time
fails to obtain or maintain any insurance as required under this Agreement,
Lender may (but shall not be obligated tol obtain such insurance as Lender
deems appropriate, including if Lender so chooses "single interest
insurance," which will cover only Lender's interest in the Collateral.

Application of Insurance Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of
any loss or damage to the Collateral. Lender may make proof of loss if
Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. All proceeds
of any insurance on the Collateral, including accrued proceeds thereon, shall
be held by Lender as part of the Collateral. If Lender consents to repair or
replacement of the damaged or destroyed Collateral, Lender shall, upon
satisfactory proof of expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds
for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration, If Lender does not consent
to repair or replacement of the Collateral, Lender shall retain a sufficient
amount of the proceeds to pay all of the Indebtedness, and shall pay the
balance to Grantor. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within six (6)
months after their-receipt and which Grantor has not committed to the repair
or restoration of the Collateral shall be used to prepay the Indebtedness,
Insurance Reserves. Lender may require Grantor to maintain with Lender
reserves for payment of insurance premiums, which reserves shall be created
by monthly payments from Grantor of a sum estimated by Lender to be
sufficient to produce, at least fifteen (15) days before the premium due
date, amounts at least equal to the insurance premiums to be paid, If fifteen
(15) days before payment is due, the reserve funds are insufficient, Grantor
shall upon demand pay any deficiency to Lender. The reserve funds shall be
held by Lender as a general deposit and shall constitute a non-interest-
bearing account which Lender may satisfy by payment of the insurance premiums
required to be paid by Grantor as they become due. Lender does not hold the
reserve funds in trust for Grantor, and Lender is not the agent of Grantor
for payment of the insurance premiums required to be paid by Grantor. The
responsibility for the payment of premiums shall remain Grantor's sole
responsibility.

Insurance Reports. Grantor, upon request of Lender, shall furnish to Lender
reports on each existing policy of insurance showing such information as
Lender may reasonably request including the following: (1) the name of the
insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the
property insured; (5) the then current value on the basis of which insurance
has been obtained and the manner of determining that value; and (6) the
expiration date of the policy. In addition, Grantor shall upon request by
Lender (however not more often than annually) have an independent appraiser
satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the cash value or
replacement cost of the Collateral.

Financing Statements. Grantor authorizes Lender to file a UCC-1 financing
statement, or alternatively, a copy of this Agreement to perfect Lender's
security interest. At Lender's request, Grantor additionally agrees to sign
all other documents that are necessary to perfect, protect, and continue
Lender's security interest in the Property. Grantor will pay all filing fees,
title transfer fees, and other fees and costs involved unless prohibited by
law or unless Lender is required by law to pay such fees and costs. Grantor
irrevocably appoints Lender to execute financing statements and documents of
title in Grantor's name and to execute all documents necessary to transfer
title if there is a default. Lender may file a copy of this Agreement as a
financing statement. If Grantor changes Grantor's name or address, or the
name or address of any person granting a security interest under this
Agreement changes, Grantor will promptly notify the Lender of such change.

GRANTOR'S RIGHT TO POSSESSION AND TO COLLECT ACCOUNTS. Until default and
except as otherwise provided below with respect to accounts, Grantor may have
possession of the tangible personal property and beneficial use of all the
Collateral and may use it in any lawful manner not inconsistent with this
Agreement or the Related Documents, provided that Grantor's right to
possession and beneficial use shall not apply to any Collateral where
possession of the Collateral by Lender is required by law to perfect Lender's
security interest in such Collateral. Until otherwise notified by Lender,
Grantor may collect any of the Collateral consisting of accounts. At any time
and even though no Event of Default exists, Lender may exercise its rights to
collect the accounts and to notify account debtors to make payments directly
to Lender for application to the Indebtedness. If Lender at any time has
possession of any Collateral, whether before or after an Event of Default,
Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and
preservation of the Collateral if Lender takes such action for that purpose
as Grantor shall request or as Lender, in Lender's sole discretion, shall
deem appropriate under the circumstances, but failure to honor any request by
Grantor shall not of itself be deemed to be a failure to exercise reasonable
care. Lender shall not be required to take any steps necessary to preserve
any rights in the Collateral against prior parties, nor to protect, preserve
or maintain any security interest given to secure the Indebtedness.

LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would
materially affect Lender's interest in the Collateral or if Grantor fails to
comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents,
including but not limited to Grantor's failure to discharge or pay when due
any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or
any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's behalf may but shall not be
obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but
not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests,
encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Collateral
and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving the Collateral.
All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then
bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or
paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will
become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be
payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned
among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during
either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining
term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due
and payable at the Note's maturity. The Agreement also will secure payment of
these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and
remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon Default.

DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under
this Agreement:

Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the
Indebtedness.

Other Defaults. Borrower or Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any
other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or
in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term,
obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between
Lender and Borrower or Grantor.

False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished
to Lender by Borrower or Grantor or on Borrower's or Grantor's behalf under
this Agreement or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any
material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes
false or misleading at any time thereafter.

Defective Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents
ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any
time and for any reason.

Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Borrower's or Grantor's
existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower or Grantor, the
appointment of a receiver for any part of Borrower's or Grantor's property,
any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or
the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by
or against Borrower or Grantor.

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture
proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
other method, by any creditor of Borrower or Grantor or by any governmental
agency against any collateral securing the Indebtedness, This includes a
garnishment of any of Borrower's or Grantor's accounts, including deposit
accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply if
there is a good faith dispute by Borrower or Grantor as to the validity or
reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture
proceeding and if Borrower or Grantor gives Lender written notice of the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety
bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by
Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the
dispute.

Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect
to guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party of any of the
Indebtedness or guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or
becomes incompetent or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability
under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.

Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial
condition is defined as a violation of financial covenants or ratios.

Cure Provisions. it any default, other than a default in payment is curable
and if Grantor has not been given a notice of a breach of the same provision
of this Agreement within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured
land no event of default will have occurred) if Grantor, after receiving
written notice from Lender demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the
default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than
fifteen (15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's
sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues
and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce
compliance as soon as reasonably practical.

RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this
Agreement, at any time thereafter, Lender shall have all the rights of a
secured party under the California Uniform Commercial Code. In addition and
without limitation, Lender may exercise any one or more of the following
rights and remedies:

Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender may declare the entire Indebtedness,
including any prepayment penalty which Borrower would be required to pay,
immediately due and payable, without notice of any kind to Borrower or
Grantor.

Assemble Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to deliver to Lender all or
any portion of the Collateral and any and all certificates of title and other
documents relating to the Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to assemble
the Collateral and make it available to Lender at a place to be designated by
Lender. Lender also shall have full power to enter upon the property of
Grantor to take possession of and remove the Collateral. If the Collateral
contains other goods not covered by this Agreement at the time of
repossession, Grantor agrees Lender may take such other goods, provided that
Lender makes reasonable efforts to return them to Grantor after repossession.

Sell the Collateral. Lender shall have full power to sell, lease, transfer,
or otherwise deal with the Collateral or proceeds thereof in Lender's own
name or that of Grantor. Lender may sell the Collateral at public auction or
private sale. Unless the Collateral threatens to decline speedily in value or
is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Lender will give
Grantor, and other persons as required by law, reasonable notice of the time
and place of any public sale, or the time after which any private sale or any
other disposition of the Collateral is to be made. However, no notice need be
provided to any person who, after Event of Default occurs, enters into and
authenticates an agreement waiving that person's right to notification of
sale. The requirements of reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is
given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. All
expenses relating to the disposition of the Collateral, including without
limitation the expenses of retaking, holding, insuring, preparing for sale
and selling the Collateral, shall become a part of the Indebtedness secured
by this Agreement and shall be payable on demand, with interest at the Note
rate from date of expenditure until repaid.

Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to
take possession of all or any part of the Collateral, with the power to
protect and preserve the Collateral, to operate the Collateral preceding
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Collateral and apply
the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the
Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law,
Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not
the apparent value of the Collateral exceeds the Indebtedness by a
substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from
serving as a receiver.

Collect Revenues, Apply Accounts. Lender, either itself or through a
receiver, may collect the payments, rents, income, and revenues from the
Collateral. Lender may at any time in Lender's discretion transfer any
Collateral into Lender's own name or that of Lender's nominee and receive the
payments, rents, income, and revenues therefrom and hold the same as security
for the Indebtedness or apply it to payment of the Indebtedness in such order
of preference as Lender may determine. Insofar as the Collateral consists of
accounts, general intangibles, insurance policies, instruments, chattel
paper, choses in action, or similar property, Lender may demand, collect,
receipt for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose, or realize on
the Collateral as Lender may determine, whether or not Indebtedness or
Collateral is then due. For these purposes, Lender may, on behalf of and in
the name of Grantor, receive, open and dispose of mail addressed to Grantor;
change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent; and endorse
notes, checks, drafts, money orders, documents of title, instruments and
items pertaining to payment, shipment, or storage of any Collateral. To
facilitate collection, Lender may notify account debtors and obligors on any
Collateral to make payments directly to Lender.

Obtain Deficiency. If Lender chooses to sell any or all of the Collateral,
Lender may obtain a judgment against Borrower for any deficiency remaining on
the Indebtedness due to Lender after application of all amounts received from
the exercise of the rights provided in this Agreement. Borrower shall be
liable for a deficiency even if the transaction described in this subsection
is a sale of accounts or chattel paper

Other Rights and Remedies. Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a
secured creditor under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, as may
be amended from time to time. In addition, Lender shall have and may exercise
any or all other rights and remedies it may have available at law, in equity,
or otherwise.

Election of Remedies, Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of
Lender's rights and remedies, whether evidenced by this Agreement, the
Related Documents, or by any other writing, shall be cumulative and may be
exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy
shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this
Agreement, after Grantor's failure to perform, shall not affect Lender's
right to declare a default and exercise its remedies.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part
of this Agreement:

Amendments. This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes
the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set
forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement
shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties
sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment,

Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. Grantor agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender's
costs and expenses, including Lender's attorneys' reasonable fees and
Lender's legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this
Agreement, and Grantor shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement.
Costs and expenses include Lender's attorneys' fees and legal expenses
whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and legal
expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate
any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services. Grantor also shall pay all court costs and such
additional fees as may be directed by the court.

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience
purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of
this Agreement.

Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of California. This
Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of California.

Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender's request
to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Orange County, State of
California.

Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower and Grantor under
this Agreement shall be joint and several, and all references to Grantor
shall mean each and every Grantor, and all references to Borrower shall mean
each and every Borrower. This means that each Borrower and Grantor signing
below is responsible for all obligations in this Agreement. Where any one or
more of the parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company
or similar entity, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers
of any of the officers, directors, partners, members, or other agents acting
or purporting to act on the entity's behalf, and any obligations made or
created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be
guaranteed under this Agreement.

Preference Payments. Any monies Lender pays because of an asserted preference
claim in Borrower's or Grantor's bankruptcy will become a part of the
Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, shall be payable by Borrower and
Grantor as provided in this Agreement.

No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights
under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by
Lender, No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right, A waiver by
Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a
waiver of Lender's right otherwise to demand strict compliance with that
provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by
Lender, nor any course of dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall
constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of any of Grantor's
obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is
required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any
instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances
where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted
or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given
in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually
received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited
with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited
in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this
Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement
by giving formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes,
Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor's current
address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than
one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice
given to all Grantors.

Power of Attorney. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as Grantor's irrevocable
attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing any documents necessary to
perfect, amend, or to continue the security interest granted in this
Agreement or to demand termination of filings of other secured parties.
Lender may at any time, and without further authorization from Grantor, file
a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of any financing statement or of
this Agreement for use as a financing statement, Grantor will reimburse
Lender for all expenses for the perfection and the continuation of the
perfection of Lender's security interest in the Collateral.

Waiver of Co-Obligor's Rights, If more than one person is obligated for the
Indebtedness, Grantor irrevocably waives, disclaims and relinquishes all
claims against such other person which Grantor has or would otherwise have by
virtue of payment of the Indebtedness or any part thereof, specifically
including but not limited to all rights of indemnity, contribution or
exoneration.

Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of
this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal,
valid and enforceable, If the offending provision cannot be so modified, it
shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by
law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this Agreement.

Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Agreement
on transfer of Grantor's interest, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If
ownership of the Collateral becomes vested in a person other than Grantor,
Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with
reference to this Agreement and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Agreement or
liability under the Indebtedness.

Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties,
and agreements made by Grantor in this Agreement shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, shall be continuing in nature, and shall
remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower's Indebtedness
shall be paid in full.

Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this
Agreement.

DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the
following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful
money of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular
shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the
context may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial
Code:

Account. The word "Account" means a trade account, account receivable, other
receivable, or other right to payment for goods sold or services rendered
owing to Grantor(or to a third party grantor acceptable to Lender).

Agreement. The word "Agreement" means this Commercial Security Agreement, as
this Commercial Security Agreement may be amended or modified from time to
time, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Commercial
Security Agreement from time to time.

Borrower. The word "Borrower" means AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A - G CANADA
LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note.

Collateral. The word "Collateral" means all of Grantor's right, title and
interest in and to all the Collateral as described in the Collateral
Description section of this Agreement.

Default. The word "Default" means the Default set forth in this Agreement in
the section titled "Default".

Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state,
federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the
protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.,
Chapters 6.5 through 7.7 of Division 20 of the California Health and Safety
Code, Section 25100, at seq., or other applicable state or federal laws,
rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto. Event of Default. The words
"Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this
Agreement in the default section of this Agreement, Grantor. The word
"Grantor" means AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC.

Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser,
surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including without limitation a
guaranty of all or part of the Note.

Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that,
because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical or infectious
characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human
health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of,
generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled, The words
"Hazardous Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include
without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term
"Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by the
Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with
all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.
Specifically, without limitation.

Lender. The word "Lender" means Pacific Mercantile Bank, its successors and
assigns.

Note. The word "Note" means the Note executed by AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A
- - G CANADA LTD. in the principal amount of $750,000.00 dated February 13,
2004, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of,
refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the note or credit
agreement.

Property. The word "Property" means all of Grantor's right, title and
interest in and to all the Property as described in the "Collateral
Description" section of this Agreement.

Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes,
credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, security
agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages,
and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter
existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.

BORROWER AND GRANTOR HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ITS TERMS. THIS AGREEMENT IS DATED
FEBRUARY 13, 2004.


GRANTOR:

AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO
- -GRAPHICS, INC


BORROWER:

AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO
- -GRAPHICS, INC


A - G CANADA LTD.


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of A-G
CANADA LTD.


LENDER:

PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANK



By: /s/Robert E. Zeltner
- -----------------------------------------
      Authorized Signer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>9
<FILENAME>pmbagcomsecagmt2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PMB COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT (A-G CANADA LTD.) DATED 2/13/2004(EXHIBIT 10.65)
<TEXT>
                      COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT         Exhibit 10.65


Borrower: AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC.     Lender: Pacific Mercantile Bank
(TIN: 95-2105641)
A-G CANADA LTD.                     Newport Beach Financial Center
3201 TEMPLE AVE.                    450 Newport Center Drive, Suite 100
POMONA, CA 91768                    Newport Beach, CA 92660

Grantor: A-G CANADA, LTD.
         3201 TEMPLE AVE
         POMONA, CA 91768


THIS COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT dated February 13, 2004, is made and
executed among AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC ("Grantor"); AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A
- - G CANADA LTD. ("Borrower"); and Pacific Mercantile Bank ("Lender").

GRANT OF SECURITY INTEREST. For valuable consideration, Grantor grants to
Lender a security interest in the Collateral to secure the Indebtedness and
agrees that Lender shall have the rights stated in this Agreement with
respect to the Collateral, in addition to all other rights which Lender may
have by law.

COLLATERAL DESCRIPTION. The word "Collateral" as used in this Agreement means
the following described property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
whether now existing or hereafter arising, and wherever located, in which
Grantor is giving to Lender a security interest for the payment of the
Indebtedness and performance of all other obligations under the Note and this
Agreement:

All inventory, equipment, accounts (including but not limited to all health-
care-insurance receivables), chattel paper, instruments (including but not
limited to all promissory notes), letter-of-credit rights, letters of credit,
documents, deposit accounts, investment property, money, other rights to
payment and performance, and general intangibles (including but not limited
to all software and all payment intangibles); all oil, gas and other minerals
before extraction; all oil, gas, other minerals and accounts constituting as-
extracted collateral; all fixtures; all timber to be cut; all attachments,
accessions, accessories, fittings, increases, tools, parts, repairs,
supplies, and commingled goods relating to the foregoing property, and all
additions, replacements of and substitutions for all or any part of the
foregoing property; all insurance refunds relating to the foregoing property;
all good will relating to the foregoing property; all records and data and
embedded software relating to the foregoing property, and all equipment,
inventory and software to utilize, create, maintain and process any such
records and data on electronic media; and all supporting obligations relating
to the foregoing property; all whether now existing or hereafter arising.
whether now owned or hereafter acquired or whether now or hereafter subject
to any rights in the foregoing property; and all products and proceeds
(including but not limited to all insurance payments) of or relating to the
foregoing property.

In addition, the word "Collateral" also includes all the following, whether
now owned or hereafter acquired, whether now existing or hereafter arising,
and wherever located:

(A) All accessions, attachments, accessories, tools, parts, supplies,
replacements of and additions to any of the collateral described herein,
whether added now or later.

(B) All products and produce of any of the property described in this
Collateral section.

(C) All accounts, general intangibles, instruments, rents, monies, payments,
and all other rights, arising out of a sale, lease, or other disposition of
any of the property described in this Collateral section.

(D) All proceeds Including insurance proceeds) from the sale, destruction,
loss, or other disposition of any of the property described in this
Collateral section, and sums due from a third party who has damaged or
destroyed the Collateral or from that party's insurer, whether due to
judgment, settlement or other process.

(E) All records and data relating to any of the property described in this
Collateral section, whether in the form of a writing, photograph, microfilm,
microfiche, or electronic media, together with all of Grantor's right, title,
and interest in and to all computer software required to utilize, create,
maintain, and process any such records or data on electronic media.

Despite any other provision of this Agreement, Lender is not granted, and
will not have, a non purchase money security interest in household goods, to
the extent such a security interest would be prohibited by applicable law. In
addition, if because of the type of any Property, Lender is required to give
a notice of the right to cancel under Truth in Lending for the Indebtedness,
then Lender will not have a security interest in such Collateral unless and
until such a notice is given.

BORROWER'S WAIVERS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. Except as otherwise required under
this Agreement or by applicable law, (A) Borrower agrees that Lender need not
tell Borrower about any action or inaction Lender takes in connection with
this Agreement; (B) Borrower assumes the responsibility for being and keeping
informed about the Collateral; and (C) Borrower waives any defenses that may
arise because of any action or inaction of Lender, including without
limitation any failure of Lender to realize upon the Collateral or any delay
by Lender in realizing upon the Collateral; and Borrower agrees to remain
liable under the Note no matter what action Lender takes or fails to take
under this Agreement.

GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Grantor warrants that: (A) this
Agreement is executed at Borrower's request and not at the request of Lender;
(B) Grantor has the full right, power and authority to enter into this
Agreement and to pledge the Collateral to Lender;
(C) Grantor has established adequate means of obtaining from Borrower on a
continuing basis information about Borrower's financial condition; and (D)
Lender has made no representation to Grantor about Borrower or Borrower's
creditworthiness.

GRANTOR'S WAIVERS. Except as prohibited by applicable law, Grantor waives any
right to require Lender to (A) make any presentment, protest, demand, or
notice of any kind, including notice of change of any terms of repayment of
the Indebtedness, default by Borrower or any other guarantor or surety, any
action or non action taken by Borrower, Lender, or any other guarantor or
surety of Borrower, or the creation of new or additional Indebtedness; (B)
proceed against any person, including Borrower, before proceeding against
Grantor; (C) proceed against any collateral for the Indebtedness, including
Borrower's collateral, before proceeding against Grantor; (D) apply any
payments or proceeds received against the Indebtedness in any order; (E) give
notice of the terms, time, and place of any sale of any collateral pursuant
to the Uniform Commercial Code or any other law governing such sale; (F)
disclose any information about the Indebtedness, the Borrower, any
collateral, or any other guarantor or surety, or about any action or non
action of Lender; or (G) pursue any remedy or course of action in Lender's
power whatsoever.

Grantor also waives any and all rights or defenses arising by reason of (A)
any disability or other defense of Borrower, any other guarantor or surety or
any other person; (B) the cessation from any cause whatsoever, other than
payment in full, of the Indebtedness; (C) the application of proceeds of the
Indebtedness by Borrower for purposes other than the purposes understood and
intended by Grantor and Lender; (D) any act of omission or commission by
Lender which directly or indirectly results in or contributes to the
discharge of Borrower or any other guarantor or surety, or the Indebtedness,
or the loss or release of any collateral by operation of law or otherwise;
(E) any statute of limitations in any action under this Agreement or on the
Indebtedness; or (F) any modification or change in terms of the Indebtedness,
whatsoever, including without limitation, the renewal, extension,
acceleration, or other change in the time payment of the Indebtedness is due
and any change in the interest rate.

Grantor waives all rights and defenses arising out of an election of remedies
by Lender even though that election of remedies, such as a non-judicial
foreclosure with respect to security for a guaranteed obligation, has
destroyed Grantor's rights of subrogation and reimbursement against Borrower
by operation of Section 580d of the California Code of Civil Procedure or
otherwise.

Grantor waives all rights and defenses that Grantor may have because
Borrower's obligation is secured by real property. This means among other
things: (1) Lender may collect from Grantor without first foreclosing on any
real property collateral pledged by Borrower ; and (2) If Lender forecloses
on any real property collateral pledged by the Borrower : (A) The amount of
the Borrower's obligation may be reduced only by the price for which the
collateral is sold at the foreclosure sale, even if the collateral is worth
more than the sale price; (B) The Lender may collect from the Grantor even if
the Lender, by foreclosing on the real property collateral, has destroyed any
right the Grantor may have to collect from the borrower. This is an
unconditional waiver of any rights and defenses the Grantor may have because
the Borrower's obligation is secured by real -property. These rights and
defenses include, but are not limited to, any rights and defenses based upon
Sections 580a, 580b, 580d, or 726 of the Code of Civil Procedure.

Grantor understands and agrees that the foregoing waivers are unconditional
and irrevocable waivers of substantive rights and defenses to which Grantor
might otherwise be entitled under state and federal law. Grantor further
understands and agrees that this Agreement is a separate and independent
contract between Grantor and Lender, given for full and ample consideration,
and is enforceable on its own terms. Grantor acknowledges that Grantor has
provided these waivers of rights and defenses with the intention that they be
fully relied upon by Lender. Until all Indebtedness is paid in full, Grantor
waives any right to enforce any remedy Grantor may have against Borrower or
any other guarantor, surety, or other person, and further, Grantor waives any
right to participate in any collateral for the Indebtedness now or hereafter
held by Lender.

GRANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE COLLATERAL. With
respect to the Collateral, Grantor represents and promises to Lender that:

Perfection of Security Interest. Grantor agrees to execute financing
statements and to take whatever other actions are requested by Lender to
perfect and continue Lender's security interest in the Collateral. Upon
request of Lender, Grantor will deliver to Lender any and all of the
documents evidencing or constituting the Collateral, and Grantor will note
Lender's interest upon any and all chattel paper if not delivered to Lender
for possession by Lender. This is a continuing Security Agreement and will
continue in effect even though all or any part of the Indebtedness is paid in
full and even though for a period of time Borrower may not be indebted to
Lender.

Notices to Lender. Grantor will promptly notify Lender in writing at Lender's
address shown above (or such other addresses as Lender may designate from
time to time) prior to any (1) change in Grantor's name; (2) change in
Grantor's assumed business name(s); (3) change in the management of the
Corporation Grantor; (4) change in the authorized signers; (5) change in
Grantor's principal office address; (6) change in Grantor's state of
organization; (7) conversion of Grantor to a new or different type of
business entity; or (8) change in any other aspect of Grantor that directly
or indirectly relates to any agreements between Grantor and Lender. No change
in Grantor's name or state of organization will take effect until after
Lender has received notice

No Violation. The execution and delivery of this Agreement will not violate
any law or agreement governing Grantor or to which Grantor is a party, and
its certificate or articles of incorporation and bylaws do not prohibit any
term or condition of this Agreement.

Enforceability of Collateral. To the extent the Collateral consists of
accounts, chattel paper, or general intangibles, as defined by the Uniform
Commercial Code, the Collateral is enforceable in accordance with its terms,
is genuine, and fully complies with all applicable laws and regulations
concerning form, content and manner of preparation and execution, and all
persons appearing to be obligated on the Collateral have authority and
capacity to contract and are in fact obligated as they appear to be on the
Collateral. At the time any Account becomes subject to a security interest in
favor of Lender, the Account shall be a good and valid account representing
an undisputed, bona fide indebtedness incurred by the account debtor, for
merchandise held subject to delivery instructions or previously shipped or
delivered pursuant to a contract of sale, or for services previously
performed by Grantor with or for the account debtor. So long as this
Agreement remains in effect, Grantor shall not, without Lender's prior
written consent, compromise, settle, adjust, or extend payment under or with
regard to any such Accounts. There shall be no setoffs or counterclaims
against any of the Col!ateral, and no agreement shall have been made under
which any deductions or discounts may be claimed concerning the Collateral
except those disclosed to Lender in writing.

Location of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business, Grantor agrees to keep the Collateral (or to the extent the
Collateral consists of intangible property such as accounts or general
intangibles, the records concerning the Collateral) at Grantor's address
shown above or at such other locations as are acceptable to Lender. Upon
Lender's request, Grantor will deliver to Lender in form satisfactory to
Lender a schedule of real properties and Collateral locations relating to
Grantor's operations, including without limitation the following: (1) all
real property Grantor owns or is purchasing; (2) all real property Grantor is
renting or leasing; (3) all storage facilities Grantor owns, rents, leases,
or uses; and (4) all other properties where Collateral is or may be located.

Removal of the Collateral. Except in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business, including the sales of inventory, Grantor shall not remove the
Collateral from its existing location without Lender's prior written consent.
To the extent that the Collateral consists of vehicles, or other titled
property, Grantor shall not take or permit any action which would require
application for certificates of title for the vehicles outside the State of
California, without Lender's prior written consent. Grantor shall, whenever
requested, advise Lender of the exact location of the Collateral.

Transactions Involving Collateral. Except for inventory sold or accounts
collected in the ordinary course of Grantor's business, or as otherwise
provided for in this Agreement, Grantor shall not sell, offer to sell, or
otherwise transfer or dispose of the Collateral. While Grantor is not in
default under this Agreement, Grantor may sell inventory, but only in the
ordinary course of its business and only to buyers who qualify as a buyer in
the ordinary course of business. A sale in the ordinary course of Grantor's
business does not include a transfer in partial or total satisfaction of a
debt or any bulk sale. Grantor shall not pledge, mortgage, encumber or
otherwise permit the Collateral to be subject to any lien, security interest,
encumbrance, or charge, other than the security interest provided for in this
Agreement, without the prior written consent of Lender. This includes
security interests even if junior in right to the security interests granted
under this Agreement. Unless waived by Lender, all proceeds from any
disposition of the Collateral (for whatever reason) shall be held in trust
for Lender and shall not be commingled with any other funds; provided
however, this requirement shall not constitute consent by Lender to any sale
or other disposition. Upon receipt, Grantor shall immediately deliver any
such proceeds to Lender.

Title. Grantor represents and warrants to Lender that Grantor holds good and
marketable title to the Collateral, free and clear of all liens and
encumbrances except for the lien of this Agreement. No financing statement
covering any of the Collateral is on file in any public office other than
those which reflect the security interest created by this Agreement or to
which Lender has specifically consented. Grantor shall defend Lender's rights
in the Collateral against the claims and demands of all other persons.

Repairs and Maintenance. Grantor agrees to keep and maintain, and to cause
others to keep and maintain, the Collateral in good order, repair and
condition at all times while this Agreement remains in effect. Grantor
further agrees to pay when due all claims for work done on, or services
rendered or material furnished in connection with the Collateral so that no
lien or encumbrance may ever attach to or be filed against the Collateral.

Inspection of Collateral. Lender and Lender's designated representatives and
agents shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine and inspect
the Collateral wherever located.

Taxes, Assessments and Liens. Grantor will pay when due all taxes,
assessments and liens upon the Collateral, its use or operation, upon this
Agreement, upon any promissory note or notes evidencing the Indebtedness, or
upon any of the other Related Documents. Grantor may withhold any such
payment or may elect to contest any lien if Grantor is in good faith
conducting an appropriate proceeding to contest the obligation to pay and so
long as Lender's interest in the Collateral is not jeopardized in Lender's
sole opinion. If the Collateral is subjected to a lien which is not
discharged within fifteen (15) days, Grantor shall deposit with Lender cash,
a sufficient corporate surety bond or other security satisfactory to Lender
in an amount adequate to provide for the discharge of the lien plus any
interest, Costs, attorneys' fees or other charges that could accrue as a
result of foreclosure or sale of the Collateral. In any contest Grantor shall
defend itself and Lender and shall satisfy any final adverse judgment before
enforcement against the Collateral. Grantor shall name Lender as an
additional obligee under any surety bond furnished in the contest
proceedings. Grantor further agrees to furnish Lender with evidence that such
taxes, assessments, and governmental and other charges have been paid in full
and in a timely manner. Grantor may withhold any such payment or may elect to
contest any lien if Grantor is in good faith conducting an appropriate
proceeding to contest the obligation to pay and so long as Lender's interest
in the Collateral is not jeopardized.

Compliance with Governmental Requirements. Grantor shall comply promptly with
all laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of all governmental authorities,
now or hereafter in effect, applicable to the ownership, production,
disposition, or use of the Collateral, including all laws or regulations
relating to the undue erosion of highly-erodible land or relating to the
conversion of wetlands for the production of an agricultural product or
commodity. Grantor may contest in good faith any such law, ordinance or
regulation and withhold compliance during any proceeding, including
appropriate appeals, so long as Lender's interest in the Collateral, in
Lender's opinion, is not jeopardized.

Hazardous Substances. Grantor represents and warrants that the Collateral
never has been, and never will be so long as this Agreement remains a lien on
the Collateral, used in violation of any Environmental Laws or for the
generation, manufacture, storage, transportation, treatment, disposal,
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Substance. The representations
and warranties contained herein are based on Grantor's due diligence in
investigating the Collateral for Hazardous Substances. Grantor hereby (1)
releases and waives any future claims against Lender for indemnity or
contribution in the event Grantor becomes liable for Cleanup or other costs
under any Environmental Laws, and (2) agrees to indemnify and hold harmless
Lender against any and all claims and losses resulting from a breach of this
provision of this Agreement. This obligation to indemnify shall survive the
payment of the Indebtedness and the satisfaction of this Agreement.

Maintenance of Casualty Insurance. Grantor shall procure and maintain all
risks insurance, including without limitation fire, theft and liability
coverage together with such other insurance as Lender may require with
respect to the Collateral, in form, amounts, coverages and basis reasonably
acceptable to Lender and issued by a company or companies reasonably
acceptable to Lender. Grantor, upon request of Lender, will deliver to Lender
from time to time the policies or certificates of insurance in form
satisfactory to Lender, including stipulations that coverages will not be
cancelled or diminished without at least ten (10) days' prior written notice
to Lender and not including any disclaimer of the insurer's liability for
failure to give such a notice. Each insurance policy also shall include an
endorsement providing that coverage in favor of Lender will not be impaired
in any way by any act, omission or default of Grantor or any other person. In
connection with all policies covering assets in which Lender holds or is
offered a security interest, Grantor will provide Lender with such loss
payable or other endorsements as Lender may require. If Grantor at any time
fails to obtain or maintain any insurance as required under this Agreement,
Lender may (but shall not be obligated tol obtain such insurance as Lender
deems appropriate, including if Lender so chooses "single interest
insurance," which will cover only Lender's interest in the Collateral.

Application of Insurance Proceeds. Grantor shall promptly notify Lender of
any loss or damage to the Collateral. Lender may make proof of loss if
Grantor fails to do so within fifteen (15) days of the casualty. All proceeds
of any insurance on the Collateral, including accrued proceeds thereon, shall
be held by Lender as part of the Collateral. If Lender consents to repair or
replacement of the damaged or destroyed Collateral, Lender shall, upon
satisfactory proof of expenditure, pay or reimburse Grantor from the proceeds
for the reasonable cost of repair or restoration, If Lender does not consent
to repair or replacement of the Collateral, Lender shall retain a sufficient
amount of the proceeds to pay all of the Indebtedness, and shall pay the
balance to Grantor. Any proceeds which have not been disbursed within six (6)
months after their-receipt and which Grantor has not committed to the repair
or restoration of the Collateral shall be used to prepay the Indebtedness,
Insurance Reserves. Lender may require Grantor to maintain with Lender
reserves for payment of insurance premiums, which reserves shall be created
by monthly payments from Grantor of a sum estimated by Lender to be
sufficient to produce, at least fifteen (15) days before the premium due
date, amounts at least equal to the insurance premiums to be paid, If fifteen
(15) days before payment is due, the reserve funds are insufficient, Grantor
shall upon demand pay any deficiency to Lender. The reserve funds shall be
held by Lender as a general deposit and shall constitute a non-interest-
bearing account which Lender may satisfy by payment of the insurance premiums
required to be paid by Grantor as they become due. Lender does not hold the
reserve funds in trust for Grantor, and Lender is not the agent of Grantor
for payment of the insurance premiums required to be paid by Grantor. The
responsibility for the payment of premiums shall remain Grantor's sole
responsibility.

Insurance Reports. Grantor, upon request of Lender, shall furnish to Lender
reports on each existing policy of insurance showing such information as
Lender may reasonably request including the following: (1) the name of the
insurer; (2) the risks insured; (3) the amount of the policy; (4) the
property insured; (5) the then current value on the basis of which insurance
has been obtained and the manner of determining that value; and (6) the
expiration date of the policy. In addition, Grantor shall upon request by
Lender (however not more often than annually) have an independent appraiser
satisfactory to Lender determine, as applicable, the cash value or
replacement cost of the Collateral.

Financing Statements. Grantor authorizes Lender to file a UCC-1 financing
statement, or alternatively, a copy of this Agreement to perfect Lender's
security interest. At Lender's request, Grantor additionally agrees to sign
all other documents that are necessary to perfect, protect, and continue
Lender's security interest in the Property. Grantor will pay all filing fees,
title transfer fees, and other fees and costs involved unless prohibited by
law or unless Lender is required by law to pay such fees and costs. Grantor
irrevocably appoints Lender to execute financing statements and documents of
title in Grantor's name and to execute all documents necessary to transfer
title if there is a default. Lender may file a copy of this Agreement as a
financing statement. If Grantor changes Grantor's name or address, or the
name or address of any person granting a security interest under this
Agreement changes, Grantor will promptly notify the Lender of such change.

GRANTOR'S RIGHT TO POSSESSION AND TO COLLECT ACCOUNTS. Until default and
except as otherwise provided below with respect to accounts, Grantor may have
possession of the tangible personal property and beneficial use of all the
Collateral and may use it in any lawful manner not inconsistent with this
Agreement or the Related Documents, provided that Grantor's right to
possession and beneficial use shall not apply to any Collateral where
possession of the Collateral by Lender is required by law to perfect Lender's
security interest in such Collateral. Until otherwise notified by Lender,
Grantor may collect any of the Collateral consisting of accounts. At any time
and even though no Event of Default exists, Lender may exercise its rights to
collect the accounts and to notify account debtors to make payments directly
to Lender for application to the Indebtedness. If Lender at any time has
possession of any Collateral, whether before or after an Event of Default,
Lender shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable care in the custody and
preservation of the Collateral if Lender takes such action for that purpose
as Grantor shall request or as Lender, in Lender's sole discretion, shall
deem appropriate under the circumstances, but failure to honor any request by
Grantor shall not of itself be deemed to be a failure to exercise reasonable
care. Lender shall not be required to take any steps necessary to preserve
any rights in the Collateral against prior parties, nor to protect, preserve
or maintain any security interest given to secure the Indebtedness.

LENDER'S EXPENDITURES. If any action or proceeding is commenced that would
materially affect Lender's interest in the Collateral or if Grantor fails to
comply with any provision of this Agreement or any Related Documents,
including but not limited to Grantor's failure to discharge or pay when due
any amounts Grantor is required to discharge or pay under this Agreement or
any Related Documents, Lender on Grantor's behalf may but shall not be
obligated to) take any action that Lender deems appropriate, including but
not limited to discharging or paying all taxes, liens, security interests,
encumbrances and other claims, at any time levied or placed on the Collateral
and paying all costs for insuring, maintaining and preserving the Collateral.
All such expenditures incurred or paid by Lender for such purposes will then
bear interest at the rate charged under the Note from the date incurred or
paid by Lender to the date of repayment by Grantor. All such expenses will
become a part of the Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, will (A) be
payable on demand; (B) be added to the balance of the Note and be apportioned
among and be payable with any installment payments to become due during
either (1) the term of any applicable insurance policy; or (2) the remaining
term of the Note; or (C) be treated as a balloon payment which will be due
and payable at the Note's maturity. The Agreement also will secure payment of
these amounts. Such right shall be in addition to all other rights and
remedies to which Lender may be entitled upon Default.

DEFAULT. Each of the following shall constitute an Event of Default under
this Agreement:

Payment Default. Borrower fails to make any payment when due under the
Indebtedness.

Other Defaults. Borrower or Grantor fails to comply with or to perform any
other term, obligation, covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or
in any of the Related Documents or to comply with or to perform any term,
obligation, covenant or condition contained in any other agreement between
Lender and Borrower or Grantor.

False Statements. Any warranty, representation or statement made or furnished
to Lender by Borrower or Grantor or on Borrower's or Grantor's behalf under
this Agreement or the Related Documents is false or misleading in any
material respect, either now or at the time made or furnished or becomes
false or misleading at any time thereafter.

Defective Collateralization. This Agreement or any of the Related Documents
ceases to be in full force and effect (including failure of any collateral
document to create a valid and perfected security interest or lien) at any
time and for any reason.

Insolvency. The dissolution or termination of Borrower's or Grantor's
existence as a going business, the insolvency of Borrower or Grantor, the
appointment of a receiver for any part of Borrower's or Grantor's property,
any assignment for the benefit of creditors, any type of creditor workout, or
the commencement of any proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by
or against Borrower or Grantor.

Creditor or Forfeiture Proceedings. Commencement of foreclosure or forfeiture
proceedings, whether by judicial proceeding, self-help, repossession or any
other method, by any creditor of Borrower or Grantor or by any governmental
agency against any collateral securing the Indebtedness, This includes a
garnishment of any of Borrower's or Grantor's accounts, including deposit
accounts, with Lender. However, this Event of Default shall not apply if
there is a good faith dispute by Borrower or Grantor as to the validity or
reasonableness of the claim which is the basis of the creditor or forfeiture
proceeding and if Borrower or Grantor gives Lender written notice of the
creditor or forfeiture proceeding and deposits with Lender monies or a surety
bond for the creditor or forfeiture proceeding, in an amount determined by
Lender, in its sole discretion, as being an adequate reserve or bond for the
dispute.

Events Affecting Guarantor. Any of the preceding events occurs with respect
to guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party of any of the
Indebtedness or guarantor, endorser, surety, or accommodation party dies or
becomes incompetent or revokes or disputes the validity of, or liability
under, any Guaranty of the Indebtedness.

Adverse Change. A material adverse change occurs in Borrower's financial
condition is defined as a violation of financial covenants or ratios

Cure Provisions. it any default, other than a default in payment is curable
and if Grantor has not been given a notice of a breach of the same provision
of this Agreement within the preceding twelve (12) months, it may be cured
land no event of default will have occurred) if Grantor, after receiving
written notice from Lender demanding cure of such default: (1) cures the
default within fifteen (15) days; or (2) if the cure requires more than
fifteen (15) days, immediately initiates steps which Lender deems in Lender's
sole discretion to be sufficient to cure the default and thereafter continues
and completes all reasonable and necessary steps sufficient to produce
compliance as soon as reasonably practical.

RIGHTS AND REMEDIES ON DEFAULT. If an Event of Default occurs under this
Agreement, at any time thereafter, Lender shall have all the rights of a
secured party under the California Uniform Commercial Code. In addition and
without limitation, Lender may exercise any one or more of the following
rights and remedies:

Accelerate Indebtedness. Lender may declare the entire Indebtedness,
including any prepayment penalty which Borrower would be required to pay,
immediately due and payable, without notice of any kind to Borrower or
Grantor.

Assemble Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to deliver to Lender all or
any portion of the Collateral and any and all certificates of title and other
documents relating to the Collateral. Lender may require Grantor to assemble
the Collateral and make it available to Lender at a place to be designated by
Lender. Lender also shall have full power to enter upon the property of
Grantor to take possession of and remove the Collateral. If the Collateral
contains other goods not covered by this Agreement at the time of
repossession, Grantor agrees Lender may take such other goods, provided that
Lender makes reasonable efforts to return them to Grantor after repossession.

Sell the Collateral. Lender shall have full power to sell, lease, transfer,
or otherwise deal with the Collateral or proceeds thereof in Lender's own
name or that of Grantor. Lender may sell the Collateral at public auction or
private sale. Unless the Collateral threatens to decline speedily in value or
is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, Lender will give
Grantor, and other persons as required by law, reasonable notice of the time
and place of any public sale, or the time after which any private sale or any
other disposition of the Collateral is to be made. However, no notice need be
provided to any person who, after Event of Default occurs, enters into and
authenticates an agreement waiving that person's right to notification of
sale. The requirements of reasonable notice shall be met if such notice is
given at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. All
expenses relating to the disposition of the Collateral, including without
limitation the expenses of retaking, holding, insuring, preparing for sale
and selling the Collateral, shall become a part of the Indebtedness secured
by this Agreement and shall be payable on demand, with interest at the Note
rate from date of expenditure until repaid.

Appoint Receiver. Lender shall have the right to have a receiver appointed to
take possession of all or any part of the Collateral, with the power to
protect and preserve the Collateral, to operate the Collateral preceding
foreclosure or sale, and to collect the Rents from the Collateral and apply
the proceeds, over and above the cost of the receivership, against the
Indebtedness. The receiver may serve without bond if permitted by law,
Lender's right to the appointment of a receiver shall exist whether or not
the apparent value of the Collateral exceeds the Indebtedness by a
substantial amount. Employment by Lender shall not disqualify a person from
serving as a receiver.

Collect Revenues, Apply Accounts. Lender, either itself or through a
receiver, may collect the payments, rents, income, and revenues from the
Collateral. Lender may at any time in Lender's discretion transfer any
Collateral into Lender's own name or that of Lender's nominee and receive the
payments, rents, income, and revenues therefrom and hold the same as security
for the Indebtedness or apply it to payment of the Indebtedness in such order
of preference as Lender may determine. Insofar as the Collateral consists of
accounts, general intangibles, insurance policies, instruments, chattel
paper, choses in action, or similar property, Lender may demand, collect,
receipt for, settle, compromise, adjust, sue for, foreclose, or realize on
the Collateral as Lender may determine, whether or not Indebtedness or
Collateral is then due. For these purposes, Lender may, on behalf of and in
the name of Grantor, receive, open and dispose of mail addressed to Grantor;
change any address to which mail and payments are to be sent; and endorse
notes, checks, drafts, money orders, documents of title, instruments and
items pertaining to payment, shipment, or storage of any Collateral. To
facilitate collection, Lender may notify account debtors and obligors on any
Collateral to make payments directly to Lender.

Obtain Deficiency. If Lender chooses to sell any or all of the Collateral,
Lender may obtain a judgment against Borrower for any deficiency remaining on
the Indebtedness due to Lender after application of all amounts received from
the exercise of the rights provided in this Agreement. Borrower shall be
liable for a deficiency even if the transaction described in this subsection
is a sale of accounts or chattel paper

Other Rights and Remedies. Lender shall have all the rights and remedies of a
secured creditor under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code, as may
be amended from time to time. In addition, Lender shall have and may exercise
any or all other rights and remedies it may have available at law, in equity,
or otherwise.

Election of Remedies, Except as may be prohibited by applicable law, all of
Lender's rights and remedies, whether evidenced by this Agreement, the
Related Documents, or by any other writing, shall be cumulative and may be
exercised singularly or concurrently. Election by Lender to pursue any remedy
shall not exclude pursuit of any other remedy, and an election to make
expenditures or to take action to perform an obligation of Grantor under this
Agreement, after Grantor's failure to perform, shall not affect Lender's
right to declare a default and exercise its remedies.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. The following miscellaneous provisions are a part
of this Agreement:

Amendments. This Agreement, together with any Related Documents, constitutes
the entire understanding and agreement of the parties as to the matters set
forth in this Agreement. No alteration of or amendment to this Agreement
shall be effective unless given in writing and signed by the party or parties
sought to be charged or bound by the alteration or amendment,

Attorneys' Fees; Expenses. Grantor agrees to pay upon demand all of Lender's
costs and expenses, including Lender's attorneys' reasonable fees and
Lender's legal expenses, incurred in connection with the enforcement of this
Agreement. Lender may hire or pay someone else to help enforce this
Agreement, and Grantor shall pay the costs and expenses of such enforcement.
Costs and expenses include Lender's attorneys' fees and legal expenses
whether or not there is a lawsuit, including attorneys' fees and legal
expenses for bankruptcy proceedings (including efforts to modify or vacate
any automatic stay or injunction), appeals, and any anticipated post-judgment
collection services. Grantor also shall pay all court costs and such
additional fees as may be directed by the court.

Caption Headings. Caption headings in this Agreement are for convenience
purposes only and are not to be used to interpret or define the provisions of
this Agreement.

Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by, construed and enforced in
accordance with federal law and the laws of the State of California. This
Agreement has been accepted by Lender in the State of California.

Choice of Venue. If there is a lawsuit, Grantor agrees upon Lender's request
to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Orange County, State of
California.

Joint and Several Liability. All obligations of Borrower and Grantor under
this Agreement shall be joint and several, and all references to Grantor
shall mean each and every Grantor, and all references to Borrower shall mean
each and every Borrower. This means that each Borrower and Grantor signing
below is responsible for all obligations in this Agreement. Where any one or
more of the parties is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company
or similar entity, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers
of any of the officers, directors, partners, members, or other agents acting
or purporting to act on the entity's behalf, and any obligations made or
created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be
guaranteed under this Agreement.

Preference Payments. Any monies Lender pays because of an asserted preference
claim in Borrower's or Grantor's bankruptcy will become a part of the
Indebtedness and, at Lender's option, shall be payable by Borrower and
Grantor as provided in this Agreement.

No Waiver by Lender. Lender shall not be deemed to have waived any rights
under this Agreement unless such waiver is given in writing and signed by
Lender, No delay or omission on the part of Lender in exercising any right
shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right, A waiver by
Lender of a provision of this Agreement shall not prejudice or constitute a
waiver of Lender's right otherwise to demand strict compliance with that
provision or any other provision of this Agreement. No prior waiver by
Lender, nor any course of dealing between Lender and Grantor, shall
constitute a waiver of any of Lender's rights or of any of Grantor's
obligations as to any future transactions. Whenever the consent of Lender is
required under this Agreement, the granting of such consent by Lender in any
instance shall not constitute continuing consent to subsequent instances
where such consent is required and in all cases such consent may be granted
or withheld in the sole discretion of Lender.

Notices. Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be given
in writing, and shall be effective when actually delivered, when actually
received by telefacsimile (unless otherwise required by law), when deposited
with a nationally recognized overnight courier, or, if mailed, when deposited
in the United States mail, as first class, certified or registered mail
postage prepaid, directed to the addresses shown near the beginning of this
Agreement. Any party may change its address for notices under this Agreement
by giving formal written notice to the other parties, specifying that the
purpose of the notice is to change the party's address. For notice purposes,
Grantor agrees to keep Lender informed at all times of Grantor's current
address. Unless otherwise provided or required by law, if there is more than
one Grantor, any notice given by Lender to any Grantor is deemed to be notice
given to all Grantors.

Power of Attorney. Grantor hereby appoints Lender as Grantor's irrevocable
attorney-in-fact for the purpose of executing any documents necessary to
perfect, amend, or to continue the security interest granted in this
Agreement or to demand termination of filings of other secured parties.
Lender may at any time, and without further authorization from Grantor, file
a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of any financing statement or of
this Agreement for use as a financing statement, Grantor will reimburse
Lender for all expenses for the perfection and the continuation of the
perfection of Lender's security interest in the Collateral.

Waiver of Co-Obligor's Rights, If more than one person is obligated for the
Indebtedness, Grantor irrevocably waives, disclaims and relinquishes all
claims against such other person which Grantor has or would otherwise have by
virtue of payment of the Indebtedness or any part thereof, specifically
including but not limited to all rights of indemnity, contribution or
exoneration.

Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of
this Agreement to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable as to any
circumstance, that finding shall not make the offending provision illegal,
invalid, or unenforceable as to any other circumstance. If feasible, the
offending provision shall be considered modified so that it becomes legal,
valid and enforceable, If the offending provision cannot be so modified, it
shall be considered deleted from this Agreement. Unless otherwise required by
law, the illegality, invalidity, or unenforceability of any provision of this
Agreement shall not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this Agreement.

Successors and Assigns. Subject to any limitations stated in this Agreement
on transfer of Grantor's interest, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and assigns. If
ownership of the Collateral becomes vested in a person other than Grantor,
Lender, without notice to Grantor, may deal with Grantor's successors with
reference to this Agreement and the Indebtedness by way of forbearance or
extension without releasing Grantor from the obligations of this Agreement or
liability under the Indebtedness.

Survival of Representations and Warranties. All representations, warranties,
and agreements made by Grantor in this Agreement shall survive the execution
and delivery of this Agreement, shall be continuing in nature, and shall
remain in full force and effect until such time as Borrower's Indebtedness
shall be paid in full.

Time is of the Essence. Time is of the essence in the performance of this
Agreement.

DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized words and terms shall have the
following meanings when used in this Agreement. Unless specifically stated to
the contrary, all references to dollar amounts shall mean amounts in lawful
money of the United States of America. Words and terms used in the singular
shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular, as the
context may require. Words and terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement
shall have the meanings attributed to such terms in the Uniform Commercial
Code:

Account. The word "Account" means a trade account, account receivable, other
receivable, or other right to payment for goods sold or services rendered
owing to Grantor(or to a third party grantor acceptable to Lender).

Agreement. The word "Agreement" means this Commercial Security Agreement, as
this Commercial Security Agreement may be amended or modified from time to
time, together with all exhibits and schedules attached to this Commercial
Security Agreement from time to time.

Borrower. The word "Borrower" means AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A - G CANADA
LTD. and includes all co-signers and co-makers signing the Note.

Collateral. The word "Collateral" means all of Grantor's right, title and
interest in and to all the Collateral as described in the Collateral
Description section of this Agreement.

Default. The word "Default" means the Default set forth in this Agreement in
the section titled "Default".

Environmental Laws. The words "Environmental Laws" mean any and all state,
federal and local statutes, regulations and ordinances relating to the
protection of human health or the environment, including without limitation
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of
1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. Section 9601, et seq. ("CERCLA"), the Superfund
Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, Pub. L. No. 99-499 ("SARA"), the
Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. Section 1801, et seq., the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. Section 6901, et seq.,
Chapters 6.5 through 7.7 of Division 20 of the California Health and Safety
Code, Section 25100, at seq., or other applicable state or federal laws,
rules, or regulations adopted pursuant thereto. Event of Default. The words
"Event of Default" mean any of the events of default set forth in this
Agreement in the default section of this Agreement, Grantor. The word
"Grantor" means A-G CANADA, LTD.

Guaranty. The word "Guaranty" means the guaranty from guarantor, endorser,
surety, or accommodation party to Lender, including without limitation a
guaranty of all or part of the Note.

Hazardous Substances. The words "Hazardous Substances" mean materials that,
because of their quantity, concentration or physical, chemical or infectious
characteristics, may cause or pose a present or potential hazard to human
health or the environment when improperly used, treated, stored, disposed of,
generated, manufactured, transported or otherwise handled, The words
"Hazardous Substances" are used in their very broadest sense and include
without limitation any and all hazardous or toxic substances, materials or
waste as defined by or listed under the Environmental Laws. The term
"Hazardous Substances" also includes, without limitation, petroleum and
petroleum by-products or any fraction thereof and asbestos.

Indebtedness. The word "Indebtedness" means the indebtedness evidenced by the
Note or Related Documents, including all principal and interest together with
all other indebtedness and costs and expenses for which Borrower is
responsible under this Agreement or under any of the Related Documents.
Specifically, without limitation.

Lender. The word "Lender" means Pacific Mercantile Bank, its successors and
assigns.

Note. The word "Note" means the Note executed by AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC; and A
- - G CANADA LTD. in the principal amount of $750,000.00 dated February 13,
2004, together with all renewals of, extensions of, modifications of,
refinancings of, consolidations of, and substitutions for the note or credit
agreement.

Property. The word "Property" means all of Grantor's right, title and
interest in and to all the Property as described in the "Collateral
Description" section of this Agreement.

Related Documents. The words "Related Documents" mean all promissory notes,
credit agreements, loan agreements, environmental agreements, security
agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security deeds, collateral mortgages,
and all other instruments, agreements and documents, whether now or hereafter
existing, executed in connection with the Indebtedness.

BORROWER AND GRANTOR HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS
COMMERCIAL SECURITY AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ITS TERMS. THIS AGREEMENT IS DATED
FEBRUARY 13, 2004.


GRANTOR:

A - G CANADA LTD.


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of A-G
CANADA, LTD.

BORROWER:

AUTO - GRAPHICS, INC


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of AUTO
- -GRAPHICS, INC


A - G CANADA LTD.


By: /s/ Robert S. Cope
- -----------------------------------------
ROBERT S. COPE, CHAIRMAN/PRESIDENT of A-G
CANADA LTD.


LENDER:

PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANK



By: /s/Robert E. Zeltner
- -----------------------------------------
      Authorized Signer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
